'There's a girl in the treetop looking at the stars, waiting for a touchdown coming in from Mars, thinking "Is there anybody out there?" ' A Great Big World- Rockstar
'Anywhere, I would've followed you. Say something - I'm giving up on you.' A Great Big World ft. Christina Aguilera- Say something
'I remember long ago another starry night like this. In the firelight you were humming to yourself and softly strumming your guitar.' Abba- Fernando
‘Tell me, does she kiss like I used to kiss you? Does it feel the same when she calls your name?’ ABBA- The winner takes it all 
‘The winner takes it all. The loser standing small beside the victory - that’s her destiny.’ ABBA- The winner takes it all
‘Dear diary, mood: apathetic.’ Adam & Andrew- I must be emo
'My life is spiralling downward. I couldn't get enough money to go to the 'Blood Red Romance And Suffocate Me Dry' concert. It sucks because they play some of my favourite songs, like 'Stab My Heart Because I Love You' and 'Rip Apart My Soul', and of course, 'Stabby-Rip Stab-Stab'.' Adam & Andrew- I must be emo
'I'm an emo kid, non-conforming as can be. You'd be non-conforming too if you looked just like me.' Adam & Andrew- I must be emo
'My life is just a black abyss, you know? It's so dark and it's suffocating me. Grabbing a hold of me and tightening its grip, tighter than a pair of my little sister’s jeans (which look great on me by the way).' Adam & Andrew- I must be emo  
‘All I ask is if this is my last night with you, hold me like I’m more than just a friend. Give me a memory I can use.’ Adele- All I ask
'No one knows me like you do, and since you’re the only one that matters, tell me who do I run to?' Adele- All I ask
‘Looks good when he walks, is the subject of their talk. He would be hard to chase, but good to catch.’ Adele- Daydreamer
‘He could change the world with his hands behind his back.’ Adele- Daydreamer
‘Hello, it's me. I was wondering if after all these years you'd like to meet, to go over everything. They say that time's supposed to heal you, but I ain't done much healing.' Adele- Hello 
'I wish I could live a little more - look up to the sky, not just the floor.' Adele- Million years ago
'Will I ever have you tell me whichever road I choose, you’ll go?' Adele- One and only
'You had my heart inside of your hands, and you played it to the beat.' Adele- Rolling in the deep
‘I had hoped you’d see my face, and that you’d be reminded that for me it isn’t over.’ Adele- Someone like you 
'You still look like a movie, you still sound like a song. My God, this reminds me of when we were young.' Adele- When we were young
'Let me photograph you in this light, in case it is the last time that we might be exactly like we were.' Adele- When we were young
‘I want to love you but I better not touch. I want to hold you but my senses tell me to stop. I want to kiss you but I want it too much.' Alice Cooper- Poison 
'Grew up in a town that is famous as a place of movie scenes. Noise is always loud, there are sirens all around and the streets are mean. If I can make it here, I can make it anywhere, that's what they say. Seeing my face in lights, or my name in marquees found down on Broadway.' Alicia Keys- Empire State of Mind (II)
‘It’s become easy to hide pieces away, making up someone in the hope that you’ll stay.’ Alicia Keys - Gramercy Park
‘You’re falling for a person that’s not even me.’ Alicia Keys - Gramercy Park
'I just want you close, where you can stay forever.' Alicia Keys- No one
‘The leaves fall down, and so do I into the arms of a friend.’ All-American Rejects- My paper heart
‘Stay, don't go away! The hardest thing is letting go of you.’ All-American Rejects- One more sad song
‘Days swiftly come and go, I’m dreaming of her. She’s seeing other guys, emotions they stir.’ All-American Rejects- Swing, swing
‘The notes are old - they bend, they fold - and so do I to a new love.’ All-American Rejects- Swing, swing
‘All the reasons why we said it's over doesn't seem to matter after all.’ All Saints- After all
‘I wouldn’t wanna be anywhere else but here. I wouldn’t wanna change anything at all.’ All Saints- Black coffee
'Was it that I never paid enough attention, or did I not give enough affection? Not only will your answers keep me sane, but I’ll know never to make the same mistake again.' All Saints- Never ever
‘I'm coming, not drowning, swimming closer to you.’ All Saints- Pure shores
‘I watch you watching me while your sitting next to her.’ Ally Barron- Just friends
‘You're just you and I'm just me. I'm just wishing that we could be just a little more than this.’ Ally Barron- Just friends
'Let us die young or let us live forever.' Alphaville-Forever young
'Forever young, I want to be forever young. Do you really want to live forever?' Alphaville- Forever young
‘I wish I knew you, I wish I knew you before.’ Amy Macdonald- Mr Rock & Roll 
'And so they must depart, too many more broken hearts. But I've seen that all before in TV, books and films and more, and there's a happy ending every single day.' Amy Macdonald- Mr Rock & Roll
'I tread a troubled track. My odds are stacked - I'll go back to black' Amy Winehouse- Back to black
'We only said goodbye with words; I died a hundred times. You go back to her, and I go back to black.' Amy Winehouse- Back to black
'I cheated myself like I knew I would. I told you I was trouble - you know that I'm no good.' Amy Winehouse- You know I'm no good
'Sorry I have to say it, but you look like you’re sad. Your smile is gone - I noticed it bad.' Angels & Airwaves- A little’s enough
‘Every little kiss and grin you gave was just a little bullshit I saw through.’ Angels & Airwaves- It hurts
‘Don’t say we have come now to the end. White shores are calling; you and I will meet again.’ Annie Lennox- Into the west 
‘The sun's still shining in the big blue sky, but it don't mean nothing to me. Oh, let the rain come down, let the wind blow through me.’ Annie Lennox- Walking on broken glass
‘I tell myself too many times, "Why don't you ever learn to keep your big mouth shut?"’ Annie Lennox- Why
‘This is the fear, this is the dread, these are the contents of my head. And these are the years that we have spent, and this is what they represent. And this is how I feel - do you know how I feel? 'Cause I don’t think you know how I feel.’ Annie Lennox- Why 
‘When love is gone, where does it go? And where do we go?’ Arcade Fire- Afterlife
‘Yes, you’re in my head, but that doesn't make you here. And I've lost all my friends, but you're the one I miss the most.’ Arcade Fire- Cars and Telephones
'Some boys hate themselves, spend their lives resenting their fathers. Some girls hate their bodies, stand in the mirror and wait for the feedback.' Arcade Fire- Creature Comfort
'Is anything as strange as a normal person? Is anyone as cruel as a normal person? Waiting after school for you, they want to know if you, if you're normal too. Well, are you?' Arcade Fire- Normal person
'They will break you down 'til everything is normal now.' Arcade Fire- Normal person
'I've never really ever met a normal person.' Arcade Fire- Normal person
'You can cry, I won't go. You can scream, I won't go.' Arcade Fire- Pornno
'Daddy it's true, I'm different from you. But tell me why they treat me like this?' Arcade Fire- We exist
‘Just ‘cause he’s had a couple of cans, he thinks it’s alright to act like a dickhead.’ Arctic Monkeys- A certain romance 
‘Used to get it in your fishnets, now you only get it in your nightdress. Discarded all the naughty nights for niceness, landed in a very common crisis.’ Arctic Monkeys- Fluorescent adolescent 
'Remember when you used to be a rascal? Oh, the boy's a slag, the best you ever had, the best you ever had is just a memory.' Arctic Monkeys- Fluorescent adolescent
'Was it a Mecca dobber or a betting pencil?' Arctic Monkeys- Fluorescent adolescent 
‘Oh there ain't no love, no Montagues or Capulets. Just banging tunes and DJ sets, dirty dancefloors, and of naughtiness.’ Arctic Monkeys- I bet you look good on the dancefloor 
‘She's delighted when she sees him, pulling in and giving her the eye. Because she must be fucking freezing, scantily clad beneath the clear night sky - she don't stop in the winter, no.’ Arctic Monkeys- When the sun goes down 
‘My body's here on Earth, but I'm floating. Disconnected, so sometimes I feel frozen and alone...’ Ariana Grande- Get well soon
‘I'm putting you through more than one ever should. And I'm hating myself, 'cause you don't want to admit that it hurts you, baby.’ Ariana Grande- Ghostin'
‘I know that it breaks your heart when I cry again, over him.’ Ariana Grande- Ghostin'
'We'll get through this, we'll get past this. I'm a girl with a whole lot of baggage.' Ariana Grande- Ghostin'
‘Ain't got no tears left to cry, so I'm picking it up, picking it up. I'm loving, I'm living, I'm picking it up.’ Ariana Grande- No tears left to cry
‘I've never been this scared before, feelings I just can't ignore. Don't know if I should fight or fly, but I don't mind.’ Ariana Grande- Safety net
‘The light is coming to give back everything the darkness stole.’ Ariana Grande- The light is coming
'Take me by the hand, take me somewhere new. I don't know who you are but I, I'm with you.' Avril Lavigne- I'm with you
'Well, I couldn't tell you why she felt that way, she felt it every day. And I couldn't help her, I just watched her make the same mistakes again.' Avril Lavigne- Nobody's home
‘That’s me, I just keep them in stitches - doubled in half. And though I may be all wrong for the guy, I’m good for a laugh.’ Barbra Streisand- Funny girl 
‘What’s the difference if I say I’ll go away, when I know I’ll come back on my knees someday? For whatever my man is, I am his forevermore.’ Barbra Streisand- My man 
‘All I want is you, will you stay with me? Hold me in your arms and sway me like the sea. If you were a river in the mountains tall, the rumble of your water would be my call. If you were the winter, I know I’d be the snow, just as long as you were with me when the cold winds blow.’ Barry Louis Polisar- All I want is you
'Her name is Lola, she was a showgirl. But that was thirty years ago, when they used to have a show. Now it's a disco, but not for Lola. Still in dress she used to wear, faded feathers in her hair. She sits there so refined, and drinks herself half-blind. She lost her youth and she lost her Tony - now she's lost her mind.' Barry Manilow- Copacabana
‘But if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? And if you close your eyes, does it almost feel like you've been here before?’ Bastille- Pompeii
'How am I going to be an optimist about this?' Bastille- Pompeii
'Do you want to work in Debenhams? Because that's what they expect. Start in Lingerie, and Doris is your supervisor.' Belle & Sebastian- Expectations
'In the queue for lunch they take the piss, you've got no appetite. And the rumour is you never go with boys and you are tight. So they jab you with a fork, you drop the tray and go berserk. While you're cleaning up the mess, the teacher's looking up your skirt.' Belle & Sebastian- Expectations
'Are you calm? Settle down. Write a song, I'll sing along. Soon you will know that you are sane.' Belle & Sebastian- Expectations
'You're a star and you'll go far. Listen to me as a friend, not just a boy who plays guitar. You're on top of the world again.' Belle & Sebastian- Expectations
‘Honey, loving you is the greatest thing. I get to be myself and I get to sing.’ Belle & Sebastian- Funny little frog
'I could have another you in a minute - matter of fact he’ll be here in a minute.' Beyonce- Irreplaceable
‘You say ‘I love you boy’, but I know you lie. I trust you all the same - I don't know why.’ Biffy Clyro- Many of horror 
‘When we all fall asleep, where do we go?’ Billie Eilish- Bury a friend
‘Tore my shirt to stop you bleeding, but nothing ever stops you leaving.’ Billie Eilish- When the party’s over
'She said you were a hero, you played the part. But you ruined her in a year, don't act like it was hard.' Billie Eilish- Your Power
'How dare you? And how could you? Will you only feel bad when they find out? If you could take it all back, would you?' Billie Eilish- Your Power
'He said 'Bill, I believe this is killing me', as the smile ran away from his face.' Billy Joel- Piano Man
'They're sharing a drink they call loneliness, but it's better than drinking alone.' Billy Joel- Piano Man
'She can kill with a smile, she can wound with her eyes. She can ruin your faith with her casual lies.' Billy Joel- She's always a woman
'She can ask for the truth, but she'll never believe you.' Billy Joel- She's always a woman
'She'll bring out the best and the worst you can be. Blame it all on yourself, 'cause she's always a woman to me.' Billy Joel- She's always a woman
'Slow down, you crazy child, and take the phone off the hook and disappear for awhile. It's all right, you can afford to lose a day or two.' Billy Joel- Vienna
'Take me as I am, 'cause you might enjoy some madness for a while.' Billy Joel- You may be right
‘I couldn’t wait ‘til I got home, to pass the time in my room alone.’ Blink-182- Adam’s song
‘Don’t waste your time on me, you’re already the voice inside my head.’ Blink-182- I miss you
‘We started making out, and she took off my pants, but then I turned on the TV - and that's about the time she walked away from me.’ Blink 182- What’s my age again? 
‘She moves like she don’t care. Smooth as silk, cool as air. Ooh, it makes you wanna cry.’ Blondie- Maria
‘Now floating up and down, I spin, colliding into sound.’ Blue October- Into the ocean
'I know you haven't made your mind up yet, but I will never do you wrong. I've known it from the moment that we met - no doubt in my mind where you belong.' Bob Dylan- Make you feel my love
'I know when I die you'll be on my mind, and I'll love you, always.' Bon Jovi- Always 
‘When he holds you close, when he pulls you near, when he says the words you've been needing to hear... I'll wish I was him, ‘cause those words are mine to say to you ‘til the end of time.’ Bon Jovi- Always 
‘Every now and then I get a little bit nervous that the best of all the years have gone by.’ Bonnie Tyler- Total eclipse of the heart
‘Every now and then I get a little bit restless and I dream of something wild.’ Bonnie Tyler- Total eclipse of the heart
‘Every now and then I know you'll never be the boy you always wanted to be. But every now and then I know you'll always be the only boy who wanted me the way that I am.’ Bonnie Tyler- Total eclipse of the heart 
'Every now and then I know there’s no one in the universe as magical and wondrous as you.' Bonnie Tyler- Total eclipse of the heart
‘In my wildest fantasy, somewhere just beyond my reach there’s someone reaching back for me.’ Bonnie Tyler- Holding out for a hero
‘Does a mullet make a man?’ Bowling for soup- Girl all the bad guys want 
‘What was normal in the evening, by the morning seems insane.’ Bright Eyes- Lua
‘Into these twisted months I plunge without a light to follow, but I swear that I would follow anything - just get me out of here.’ Bright Eyes- If winter ends
‘Lie to me and say it's gonna be alright, it's gonna be alright. Yeah, you worry too much kid, it's gonna be alright.’ Bright Eyes- If winter ends
‘When the light comes we'll laugh, my love, at the things that the night had us so frightened of.’ Bruce Springsteen- I’ll stand by you
‘Standing on your mama’s porch, you told me that you’d wait forever. Oh and when you held my hand, I knew that it was now or never.’ Bryan Adams- Summer of ‘69
'Put down the knitting, the book and the broom- it's time for a holiday! Life is a cabaret, old chum, so come to the cabaret.' Cabaret- Cabaret
'The day she died the neighbours came to snicker, 'Well, that's what comes from too much pills and liquor!'. But when I saw her laid out like a Queen, she was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen. And as for me, I made my mind up back in Chelsea - when I go, I'm going like Elsie.' Cabaret- Cabaret
'When we are walking together, they sneer if I'm holding her hand. But if they could see her through my eyes, maybe they would understand.' Cabaret- If you could see her
‘Maybe this time I’ll be lucky. Maybe this time he’ll stay. Maybe this time, for the first time, love won’t hurry away.’ Cabaret- Maybe this time
‘I just wanna talk about nothing with somebody that means something, spell the names of all our dreams and demons.’ Camila Cabello- Real friends
‘Nobody does it better; sometimes I wish someone would. Nobody does it half as good as you. Why'd you have to be so good?’ Carly Simon- Nobody does it better 
'You're so vain, I'll bet you think this song is about you, don't you? Don't you?' Carly Simon- You're so vain
'There's something wrong here, there can be no denying. One of us is changing, or maybe we've just stopped trying.' Carole King- It's too late
'Close your eyes and think of me, and soon I will be there to brighten up even your darkest night.' Carole King- You've got a friend
'People can be so cold. They'll hurt you, and desert you, and take your soul if you let them.' Carole King- You've got a friend
‘Memory, all alone in the moonlight. I can smile at the old days - I was beautiful then. I remember the time I knew what happiness was, let the memory live again.’ Cats- Memory
‘When the dawn comes tonight will be a memory too, and a new day will begin.’ Cats- Memory
‘I never met nobody who sees the stars the way you do.’ Cheat Codes- Put me back together
‘Don't you lose that thunder, talking about the fire in your eyes.’ Cher- I found someone
'I know that I ain't really living, if I have to live without you.' Chicago- I don’t wanna live without your love
‘The world was on fire and no one could save me but you.’ Chris Isaak- Wicked game
‘I never dreamed that I’d love somebody like you, and I never dreamed that I’d lose somebody like you.’ Chris Isaak- Wicked game
‘No, I don't wanna fall in love with you (this world is only gonna break your heart).’ Chris Isaak- Wicked game
'What a wicked game to play, to make me feel this way. What a wicked thing to do, to let me dream of you.' Chris Isaak- Wicked game
‘Oh, we could be the stars, falling from the sky. Shining how we want, brighter than the sun.’ Colbie Callait- Brighter than the sun
‘This is how it starts, lightning strikes the heart.’ Colbie Callait- Brighter than the sun
‘In a sky full of stars, I think I see you.’ Coldplay- A sky full of stars
‘You get lighter the more it gets dark.’ Coldplay- A sky full of stars
‘The tears come streaming down your face when you lose something you can't replace. When you love someone and it goes to waste, could it be worse?’ Coldplay- Fix you 
'When you are too in love to let it show. Oh, but if you never try you'll never know.' Coldplay- Fix you 
'Come up to meet you, tell you I'm sorry... you don't know how lovely you are. I had to find you, tell you I need you - tell you I set you apart.' Coldplay- The scientist
'Oh no what's this? A spider web and I'm caught in the middle. So I turn to run, and thought of all the things I'd done.' Coldplay- Trouble
'Revolutionaries wait for my head on a silver plate. Just a puppet on a lonely string; oh who would ever want to be king?' Coldplay- Viva la vida
'I thought that love could never touch me, yeah, I was riding high. And then my ivory tower toppled, and I tumbled from the sky.' Connie Francis- Fallin'
‘I’m walking too far ahead. You call out to me, I can’t hear what you’ve said. You say ‘Go slow’, I fall behind...’ Cyndi Lauper- Time after time 
'Anyway I'm the popularest guy in the group. Big ass stomach, bitches think I'm cute.' D12- My band
'My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance and take off their underpants.' D12- My band
'Save me, save me - be the light in my eyes.' Danny Wilson- Mary's prayer
‘You got your mother in a whirl because she’s not sure if you’re a boy or a girl.’ David Bowie- Rebel, rebel 
‘Ground Control to Major Tom; take your protein pills and put your helmet on.’ David Bowie- Space Oddity 
‘Though nothing will keep us together, we could steal time just for one day. We could be heroes forever and ever.’ David Bowie- Heroes
‘We passed upon the stair. We spoke of was and when.’ David Bowie- The Man who sold the world
‘He said I was his friend, which came as some surprise.’ David Bowie- The Man who sold the world
‘For years and years I roamed. I gazed a gazeless stare.’ David Bowie- The Man who sold the world
'This year's love had better last. Heaven knows it's high time.' David Gray- This year's love
'Won't you kiss me on that midnight street? Sweep me off my feet singing, "Ain't this life so sweet?" ' David Gray- This year's love
'There'll be no more darkness when you believe in yourself - you are unstoppable.' Dean Fujioka- History maker
'You set my heart on fire.' Dean Fujioka- History maker
'We'll make it happen, we'll turn it around. Yes, we were born to make history.' Dean Fujioka- History maker
'Can you hear my heartbeat? I've got a feeling it's never too late.’ Dean Fujioka- History maker
'Love of mine, someday you will die, but I'll be close behind; I'll follow you into the dark. No blinding light or tunnels to gates of white. Just our hands clasped so tight, waiting for the hint of a spark.' Death Cab for Cute- I will follow you into the dark
'God knows I tried to feel happy for you. Know that I am - even if I can't understand.' Demi Lovato- Stone Cold
‘I wish I could mean this, but here's my goodbye. I'm happy for you, know that I am, even if I can't understand. If happy is her, I'm happy for you.’ Demi Lovato- Stone Cold
‘Like a fool, I fell in love with you - turned my whole world upside down.’ Derek and the Dominos- Layla
‘What'll you do when you get lonely, and nobody's waiting by your side? You've been running and hiding much too long - you know it's just your foolish pride.’ Derek and the Dominos- Layla
'I see everything you can be, I see the beauty that you can't see.' Dermot Kennedy- Outnumbered
'I'm in love with how your soul's a mix of chaos and art, and how you never try to keep 'em apart.'  Dermot Kennedy- Outnumbered
‘I wanna be king in your story.’ Dermot Kennedy- Power over me
‘Watching stars without you, my soul cried.’ Des’ree- Kissing you 
'I know you think that I shouldn't still love you, or tell you that. But if I didn't say it, well, I'd still have felt it - where's the sense in that?' Dido- White flag
'And when we meet, which I'm sure we will, all that was there will be there still. I'll let it pass and hold my tongue, and you will think that I've moved on...' Dido- White flag
‘She said ‘I love you like the stars above, I'll love you till I die’.’  Dire Straits- Romeo and Juliet 
‘Oh Romeo? Yeah, you know I used to have a scene with him.’ Dire Straits- Romeo and Juliet 
'I want adventure in the great wide somewhere! I want it more can I can tell.' Disney's Beauty and the Beast- Belle (Reprise)
'Wasting in my lonely tower, waiting by an open door. I'll fool myself she'll walk right in, and be with me for evermore.' Disney’s Beauty and the Beast (2017)- Evermore 
‘Now I know she'll never leave me, even as she fades from view. She will still inspire me, be a part of everything I do.’ Disney’s Beauty and the Beast (2017)- Evermore 
'I use antlers in all of my decorating!' Disney's Beauty and the Beast- Gaston 
'She glanced this way, I thought I saw... and when we touched she didn't shudder at my paw!' Disney's Beauty and the Beast- Something there 
'Barely even friends, then somebody bends unexpectedly. Just a little change, small to say the least. Both a little scared, neither one prepared...' Disney's Beauty and the Beast- Tale as old as time 
‘I have always been a fortress, cold secrets deep inside. You have secrets, too, but you don't have to hide.’ Disney's Frozen 2- Show yourself
‘You are the answer I've waited for all of my life.’ Disney's Frozen 2- Show yourself
'You're way off base, I won't say it. Get off my case, I won't say it! (Girl don't be proud, it's okay you're in love). At least out loud I won't say I'm in love.' Disney's Hercules- I won't say I'm in love
'Who put the glad in gladiator? Herc-u-les!' Disney's Hercules- Zero to Hero 
'I ask for nothing, I can get by. But I know so many less lucky than I.' Disney's The Hunchback of Notre Dame- God help the outcasts 
'It's the circle of life, and it moves us all. Through despair and hope, through faith and love. 'Til we find our place on the path unwinding, in the circle, the circle of life.' Disney's The Lion King- The Circle of Life
'You want thingamabobs? I've got 20!' Disney's The Little Mermaid- Part of your world 
'The men up there don't like a lot of blabber, they think a girl who gossips is a bore.' Disney's The Little Mermaid- Poor unfortunate souls
‘Consider the coconut!’ Disney’s Moana- Where You Are
'I can explain every natural phenomenon. The tide, the grass, the ground - Oh, that was Maui just messing around. I killed an eel, I buried its guts. Sprouted a tree, now you've got coconuts!' Disney's Moana- You're welcome 
'Tranquil as a forest, but a fire within.' Disney's Mulan- Make a Man out of you
'We must be swift as a coursing river, with all the force of a great typhoon. With all the strength of a raging fire, mysterious as the dark side of the moon.' Disney's Mulan- Make a Man out of you 
'Look at me, I may never pass for a perfect bride, or a perfect daughter. Can it be I'm not meant to play this part? Now I see that if I were truly to be myself, I would break my family's heart.' Disney's Mulan- Reflection
‘You think the only people who are people, are the people who look and think like you. But if you walk the footsteps of a stranger, you'll learn things you never knew you never knew.' Disney's Pocahontas- Colours of the wind 
'What I like most about rivers is you can't step in the same river twice. The water's always changing, always flowing.' Disney's Pocahontas- Just around the riverbend 
'I'd rather be called deadly for my killer show tune medley!' Disney's Tangled- I've got a dream
‘Please, they'll eat you up alive! Gullible, naive, positively grubby. Ditzy and a bit, well, mm vague. Plus, I believe getting kinda chubby.’ Disney’s Tangled- Mother Knows Best 
'So I'll read a book, or maybe two or three. I'll add a few new paintings to my gallery. I'll play guitar and knit and cook, and basically just wonder when will my life begin?' Disney's Tangled- When will my life begin?
‘Will you share your soul with me? Unzip your skin and let me have a see.’ Dodie Clark- Human
'There were rags of many colours, every piece was small. I didn't have a coat, and it was way down in the fall. Momma sewed the rags together, sewing every piece with love. She made my coat of many colours that I was so proud of.' Dolly Parton- Coat of many colours
‘You could have your choice of men, but I could never love again - he’s the only one for me.’ Dolly Parton- Jolene
‘You say you're sorry, but it's too late now. So save it, get gone, shut up. ‘Cause if you think I care about you now, well boy, I don't give a fuck.’ Dua Lipa- IDGAF
'You keep reminiscing on when you were my man. But I'm over you, now you're all in the past. You talk all that sweet talk, but I ain't coming back.' Dua Lipa- IDGAF
'One, don't pick up the phone, you know he's only calling 'cause he's drunk and alone. Two, don't let him in. You'll have to kick him out again. Three, don't be his friend. You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning, and if you're under him, you ain't getting over him.' Dua Lipa- New Rules
‘I get confused, I never know where I stand... and then you smile, and hold my hand.’  Dusty Springfield- Spooky 
'I tell myself in every way I won't be doing this again, and tomorrow's a brand new day.' Ed Sheeran- Bibia be ye ye
'One friend left to sell clothes, one works down by the coast. One has two kids, but lives alone. One's brother overdosed. One's already on his second wife, one's just barely getting by. But these people raised me, and I can't wait to go home.' Ed Sheeran- Castle on the hill
'Friends should sleep in other beds, and friends shouldn't kiss me like you do. And I know that there's a limit to everything, but my friends won't love me like you.' Ed Sheeran- Friends
'I guess you look happier, you do. My friends told me one day I'll feel it too. I could try to smile to hide the truth, but I know I was happier with you' Ed Sheeran- Happier
'It's dark in a cold December, but I've got you to keep me warm.' Ed Sheeran- Lego House
'She and I went on the run, don't care about religion. I'm gonna marry the woman I love, down by the Wexford border.' Ed Sheeran- Nancy Mulligan
'I gave all my oxygen to people that could breathe. I gave away my money and now we don't even speak. I drove miles and miles, but would you do the same for me?' Ed Sheeran- Save myself
'Light's gone, day's end, struggling to pay rent. Long nights, strange men.' Ed Sheeran- The A Team
‘Darling I will be loving you 'til we're 70, and baby my heart could still fall as hard at 23.’ Ed Sheeran- Thinking out loud 
'Everybody's talking about exponential growth, and the stock market crashing and their portfolios. While I'll be sitting here with a song that I wrote, saying 'Love could change the world in a moment' but what do I know?' Ed Sheeran- What do I know?
'I stole from myself just to make you complete.' Ellie Goulding- Flux
‘I know you wanted to save me.’ Ellie Goulding- Flux
‘Keep steering this ship through the dark and the stormy seas.’ Ellie Goulding- Flux
‘Keep you apart, deep in my heart. Separate from the rest, where I like you the best.’ Elliott Smith- Behind the bars
‘She appears composed, so she is, I suppose. Who can really tell? She shows no emotion at all, stares into space like a dead china doll.’ Elliott Smith- Waltz #2
‘I'm never gonna know you now, but I'm gonna love you anyhow.’ Elliott Smith- Waltz #2
'They crawled out of the woodwork and they whispered into your brain. They set you on the treadmill and they made you change your name.' Elton John- Candle in the wind
'It seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind, never knowing who to cling to when the rain set in.' Elton John- Candle in the wind
'And there’s a cold lonely light that shines from you. You’ll wind up like the wreck you hide behind that mask you use.' Elton John- I’m still standing
‘The voice inside my head is the one I hear, singing ‘I'm gonna love me again’.’ Elton John- (I’m gonna) Love me again
'Excuse me forgetting, but these things I do. You see, I've forgotten if they're green or they're blue. Anyway, the thing is, what I really mean - Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen.' Elton John- Your song
'I hope you don't mind that I put down in words how wonderful life is, while you're in the world.' Elton John- Your song
‘The truth can’t hurt you, it’s just like the dark. It scares you witless but in time you see things clear and stark.’ Elvis Costello- I want you
'I'd rather go on hearing your lies, than to go on living without you.' Elvis Presley- Are you lonesome tonight?
'Hush, little baby, don't you cry. You know your daddy's bound to die. But all my trials, Lord, will soon be over.' Elvis Presley- An American trilogy
'Take my hand, take my whole life too.' Elvis Presley- Can't help falling in love
'Now Adam told to Eve, ‘Listen here to me, don't you let me catch you messing round that apple tree.’ Oh yeah, ever since the world began, a hard headed woman’s been a thorn in the side of man.’  Elvis Presley- Hard headed woman 
‘Well, since my baby left me I found a new place to dwell. It’s down at the end of Lonely Street, at Heartbreak Hotel.’ Elvis Presley- Heartbreak hotel 
'A poor little baby child is born in the ghetto, and his mama cries. 'Cause if there's one thing that she don't need, it's another hungry mouth to feed in the ghetto.' Elvis Presley- In the ghetto
‘Hey buddy, don’t you be no square. If you can’t find a partner, use a wooden chair - let’s rock!’ Elvis Presley- Jailhouse rock 
'Now I know that life without you has been too lonely, too long.' Elvis Presley- One night
'Though you keep on saying you really, really, really love me, do you speak the same words to someone else when I'm not there? Suspicion torments my heart, suspicion keeps us apart.' Elvis Presley- Suspicion
'Everytime you call me and tell me we should meet tomorrow, I can't help but think that you're meeting someone else tonight.' Elvis Presley- Suspicion
'Break all the rules, or love who you choose. Just make sure it's love that lights your fire.' Emeli Sande- Shine
‘I got stars within my soul.’ Emeli Sande- Sparrow
'I'm gonna sing for all the heroes who've fallen.' Emeli Sande- Sparrow
‘If you had one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted, one moment. Would you capture it, or just let it slip?’ Eminem- Lose yourself
'There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti.' Eminem- Lose yourself
'Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge, and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid. And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to. Come to think about, his name was - it was you. Damn.' Eminem- Stan
‘Always, I want to be with you, and make believe with you, and live in harmony, harmony, oh love.’ Erasure- Always
‘Oh baby refrain from breaking my heart. I'm so in love with you, I'll be forever blue.’ Erasure- A Little Respect
'I don’t need to touch the sky, I just want to feel that high.' Evanescence- Cloud Nine
'There's just too much that time cannot erase.' Evanescence- My Immortal
‘Your face, it haunts my once pleasant dreams. Your voice, it chased away all the sanity in me.’ Evanescence- My Immortal 
‘I’ve tried so hard to tell myself that you’re gone. But though you’re still with me, I’ve been alone all along.’ Evanescence- My Immortal
'The only world I've ever known sleeps beneath the waves.’ Evanescence- Never go back
'I know the past is the past, then again the present's nothing without it' Ezra Furman- Love you so bad
‘Words don't come easy to me. How can I find a way to make you see I love you?’ F.R. David- Words
‘You can kiss me in the moonlight, on the rooftop under the sky. You can kiss me with the windows open, while the rain comes pouring inside. Kiss me in sweet slow motion - let's let every thing slide.’ Faith Hill- This kiss
'What would you say if I took those words away? Then you couldn't make things new just by saying I love you.' Extreme- More than words
‘You ain't going to nirvana or favana. You coming right back here to live out your karma, with even more drama than previously.’  Faithless- Mass destruction 
'They knew it was over, just didn't know the date.' Fall Out Boy- Bang the Doldrums
‘This is a love song in my own way, happily ever after below the waist.’ Fall Out Boy- Bang the Doldrums 
‘I only want sympathy in the form of you crawling into bed with me.’  Fall Out Boy- Dance, Dance 
'All of the mothers raised their babies to stay away from me.' Fall Out Boy- Golden
'I could be an accident but I'm still trying, and that's more than I can say for him.' Fall Out Boy- Grand Theft Autumn
'Where is your boy tonight? I hope he is a gentleman. And maybe he won’t find out what I know; you were the last good thing about this part of town.' Fall Out Boy- Grand Theft Autumn
'From day one I talked about getting out, but not forgetting about how all my fears are letting out. He said why put a new address on the same old loneliness, when breathing just passes the time until we all get old and die.' Fall Out Boy- Grand Theft Autumn
'I thought I loved you, it was just how you looked in the light.' Fall Out Boy- Hum Hallelujah
‘I keep my jealousy close 'cause it's all mine, and if you say this makes you happy then I’m not the only one lying.’  Fall Out Boy- Nobody puts baby in the corner
‘Can I lay in your bed all day? I'll be your best kept secret, and your biggest mistake.’ Fall Out Boy- Nobody puts baby in the corner 
'Am I more than you bargained for yet?' Fall Out Boy- Sugar we're going down
‘I'm just a notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in a song.’ Fall Out Boy- Sugar, we’re going down 
‘Baby, seasons change but people don’t.’ Fall Out Boy- The take over, the breaks over
‘Don’t pretend you ever forgot about me.’ Fall Out Boy- The take over, the breaks over 
‘We do it in the dark, with smiles on our faces. We’re trapped and well concealed in secret places.’ Fall Out Boy- The take over, the breaks over
'Thanks for the memories, even though they weren't so great.' Fall Out Boy- Thnks Fr Th Mmrs
‘I’ve been a bad, bad girl. I’ve been careless with a delicate man. And it’s a sad, sad world when a girl will break a boy just because she can.’ Fiona Apple- Criminal 
'You say you want your freedom. Well, who am I to keep you down? It’s only right that you should play the way you feel it. But listen carefully to the sound of your loneliness, like a heartbeat. Drives you mad, in the stillness of remembering what you had, and what you lost.' Fleetwood Mac- Dreams
‘Well, did she make you cry, make you break down, shatter your illusions of love. And is it over now, do you know how to pick up the pieces and go home?’ Fleetwood Mac- Gold Dust Woman
'Well, I've been afraid of changing 'cause I've built my life around you. But time makes you bolder, even children get older and I'm getting older too.' Fleetwood Mac- Landslide
'To you, I'll give the world. To you, I'll never be cold. 'Cause I feel that when I'm with you it's alright, I know it's right.' Fleetwood Mac- Songbird
'And I wish you all the love in the world. But most of all, I wish it from myself.' Fleetwood Mac- Songbird
‘We don't talk about it, we don't have the time. We thought love was something we weren't meant to find.’ Flipturn- August
'You and all your vibrant youth, how could anything bad ever happen to you? You make a fool of death with your beauty.' Florence + The Machine- Hunger
‘High in the halls of the kings who are gone, Jenny would dance with her ghosts. The ones she had lost, and the ones she had found, and the ones who had loved her the most.’ Florence + The Machine- Jenny of Oldstones
‘And I wonder, when I sing along with you, if everything could ever feel this real forever? If anything could ever be this good again?’ Foo Fighters- Everlong
'I’m looking to the sky to save me, looking for a sign of life. Looking for something to help me burn out bright.' Foo Fighters- Learn to fly
‘I’m the voice inside your head you refuse to hear. I’m the face that you have to face, mirrored in your stare.’ Foo Fighters- The pretender
'It's times like these you learn to live again. It's times like these you give and give again. It's times like these you learn to love again. It's times like these, time and time again.' Foo Fighters- Times like these 
‘Cars on the highway, planes in the air. Everyone else is going somewhere, but I'm going nowhere.’ Fountains of Wayne- Sink to the bottom
‘She loves the free, fresh wind in her hair; life without care.’ Frank Sinatra- The lady is a tramp
‘Love is the light scaring darkness away.’ Frankie Goes to Hollywood- The power of love
‘Love is danger, love is pleasure. Love is pure, the only treasure. I'm so in love with you - purge the soul.’ Frankie Goes to Hollywood- The power of love
'I'm gonna be more than you ever thought I was.’ Freya Ridings- Castles
‘You kept me small - it's what you wanted. I never noticed.’ Freya Ridings- Castles
‘Watching you go, it’s like no other pain I’ve ever known. To love someone so much, to have no control.’ Freya Ridings- Lost without you
‘It's ok to tear down what's been a wall.’ Frida Sundemo- It’s ok
'This is how life strikes, this is what it feels like. You'll be just fine.' Frida Sundemo- It’s ok
‘You took and killed everything about me.’ Funeral for a friend- Alvarez
‘Now that I'm coming home, will you be the same as when I saw you last? Tell me - how much time has passed?’ Funeral for a Friend- Into Oblivion (Reunion)
'I can't feel this way. I can't feel the same about you anymore.' Funeral for a friend- Streetcar
‘As the days go on, and the places fade away. To dirt, and to dust… it all fades away.’ Funeral for a Friend- Walk away
‘So no of course we can't be friends, not while I'm still this obsessed.’ Garbage- Cup of coffee 
'I've got time, I've got love. Got confidence you'll rise above.' George Ezra- Hold my girl
‘My love, my lover, lover, lover, I'm in paradise whenever I'm with you. My mind, my mind, well it's a paradise whenever I'm with you.’ George Ezra- Paradise
‘What a terrible time to be alive if you're prone to overthinking.’ George Ezra- Pretty shining people
‘I won't let you down, so please don't give me up, ‘cause I would really, really love to stick around.’ George Michael- Freedom! ‘90
'I think there's something you should know, I think it's time I told you so; there's something deep inside of me, there's someone else I've got to be.' George Michael- Freedom! ‘90
‘All we have to see is that I don't belong to you, and you don't belong to me.’ George Michael- Freedom! ‘90
‘Every place we ever walked and everywhere we talked, I miss you. You never leave my mind, so much of you is left behind.’ Ghost the Musical- With you 
'Though my heart is broken, it keeps breaking every day. You took my hopes with you, took my dreams with you.' Ghost the Musical- With you
‘I’d rather live in his world, than live without him in mine.’ Gladys Knight & The Pips- Midnight Train to Georgia
‘I think you’re crazy, crazy like me.’ Gnarls Barkley- Crazy 
'A life you don't live is still lost.' Goo Goo Dolls- Before it's too late
'So live like you mean it, love 'til you feel it - it's all that we need in our lives.' Goo Goo Dolls- Before it's too late
'You could be the light in my black nights. I can see myself in your wild eyes. If you can take the weight of my soul, we're indestructible.’ Goo Goo Dolls- Indestructible
'I wished for things that I don't need, and what I chased won't set me free.' Goo Goo Dolls- Sympathy
‘Shake it once, that’s fine. Shake it twice, that's okay. Shake it three times, you're playing with yourself again.’ Good Charlotte- The Anthem 
‘You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness.’ Gotye- Somebody that I used know
‘I don’t wanna live that way, reading into every word you say.’ Gotye- Somebody that I used to know
‘Elvis! Elvis, let me be! Keep that pelvis far from me!’ Grease- Look at me I’m Sandra Dee
‘I don't steal and I don't lie, but I can feel and I can cry. A fact I'll bet you never knew, but to cry in front of you - that's the worst thing I could do.’ Grease- There are worse things I could do
‘I went to a shrink to analyse my dreams. She says it’s lack of sex that’s bringing me down. I went to a whore, who said my life’s a bore and quit my whining ‘cause it’s bringing her down.’ Green Day- Basket case 
‘Here comes the rain again, falling from the stars.’ Green Day- Wake me up when September ends
‘I can't unpack the baggage you left.’ Harry Styles- Falling
‘What am I now? What am I now? What if I'm someone I don't want around?’ Harry Styles- Falling
‘It kills me 'cause I know we've ran out of things we can say.’ Harry Styles- Falling
‘Golden, golden, golden as I open my eyes. Hold it, focus, hoping, take me back to the light.’ Harry Styles- Golden
‘I know you were way too bright for me. I'm hopeless, broken.’ Harry Styles- Golden
'I'm sorry by the way, never coming around. It'd be so sweet if things just stayed the same.' Harry Styles- Lights up
‘All the lights couldn't put out the dark running through my heart.’ Harry Styles- Lights up
‘He takes a boat out, imagines just sailing away, and not telling his mates - he wouldn't know what to say.’ Harry Styles- She
‘I don't wanna make you feel bad, but I've been trying hard not to talk to you.’ Harry Styles- Sunflower, Vol. 6
‘I couldn't want you any more. Kiss in the kitchen like it's a dance floor.’ Harry Styles- Sunflower, Vol. 6
‘Breathe me in, breathe me out. I don't know if I could ever go without - I'm just thinking out loud.’ Harry Styles- Watermelon sugar
‘I was going to tell you tonight. But the secret is still my own, and my love for you is still unknown.’ Heart- Alone
'I've found a reason for me to change who I used to be. A reason to start over new, and the reason is you.' Hoobastank- The Reason
'Every Sunday's getting more bleak, a fresh poison each week. "We were born sick", you heard them say it.' Hozier- Take me to church
'I was born sick, but I love it.' Hozier- Take me to church
'Take me to church, I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies. I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife.' Hozier- Take me to church
'There is no sweeter innocence than our gentle sin.' Hozier- Take me to church
‘In these moments of madness and helplessness, in these hours of darkness and loneliness... I still see the light in you, I still see it shining through.’ Jack Savoretti- What more can I do?
‘Fallen angels love to sing of their memories; broken dreams and broken wings.’ Jack Savoretti- What more can I do?
'Tried to keep you close to me, but life got in between.' James bay- Hold back the river
‘I breathe out now and we fall back in. Just like before, we can re-begin.’ James Bay- Incomplete
'Don't fall into my arms. I'll only disappoint you, I'll let you down.' James Bay- Pink lemonade
‘Is it ever too late? Has it been too long, to swallow your pride and admit that you were wrong?’ Jack Savoretti- What more can I do?
‘You touched my heart, you touched my soul. You changed my life and all my goals. And love is blind and that I knew when my heart was blinded by you. I’ve kissed your lips and held your head, shared your dreams and shared your bed. I know you well, I know your smell; I’ve been addicted to you. Goodbye my lover, goodbye my friend. You have been the one, you have been the one for me.’ James Blunt- Goodbye my lover
'For you, I give my soul to keep. You see me, love me just the way I am. For you, I am a better man.' James Morrison- Better man
‘If I lose it all, if the world comes down and takes my soul. If the sky turns black, and there's no no way back - It won't matter much to me if I had you.’ James Morrison- If the rain must fall
‘Seventeen - way too young for love, but I couldn't think of nothing else.’ James Morrison- So beautiful
‘Her love was cheap, and it was great for a little while.’ James Morrison- The only night
‘You're my sunshine in the darkest days. My better half, my saving grace.’ Jason Aldean- You make it easy
‘When I look into your eyes it's like watching the night sky, or a beautiful sunrise. Well, there's so much they hold.’ Jason Mraz- I won’t give up
'I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love, I'm still looking up.' Jason Mraz- I won’t give up
‘I'd live a thousand lives, each one with you right by my side.' Jennifer Lopez- Ain't It Funny
'If you were with me tonight, I'd sing to you just one more time. A song for a heart so big, God couldn't let it live.' Jimmy Eat World- Hear You Me
'Hey, don't write yourself off yet. It's only in your head you feel left out, or looked down on. Just try your best, try everything you can. Don't you worry what they tell themselves when you're away.' Jimmy Eat World- The Middle
'Live right now, just be yourself. It doesn't matter if it's good enough for someone else.' Jimmy Eat World- The Middle
'Imagine there's no countries - It isn't hard to do. Nothing to kill or die for, and no religion too. Imagine all the people living life in peace.' John Lennon- Imagine
‘When I say that I'm okay, well, they look at me kinda strange. “Surely you're not happy now, you no longer play the game”.’ John Lennon- Watching the wheels
'All is for my mistress, all is for my maid. Sweetness that I took for, sweetness that she gave to me - my queen bee.' Johnny Flynn- Queen Bee
‘I wanna be strong, I wanna laugh along. I wanna belong to the living, alive, alive.’ Joni Mitchell- All I want
'They took all the trees and put them in a tree museum, and they charged the people a dollar and a half to see them.' Joni Mitchell- Big Yellow Taxi
'I'm so hard to handle, I'm selfish and I'm sad. Now I've gone and lost the best baby that I've ever had.' Joni Mitchell- River
‘The night is bitter, the stars have lost their glitter. The winds grow colder, and suddenly you're older.’ Judy Garland- The man that got away
‘Ever since this world began, there is nothing sadder than a one-man woman looking for the man that got away.’ Judy Garland- The man that got away 
‘My mama don’t like you, and she likes everyone.’ Justin Beiber- Love yourself 
‘Hey girl, is he everything you wanted in a man?’  Justin Timberlake- What goes around comes around 
'You spend your nights alone and he never comes home, and every time you call him all you get is a busy tone. I heard you found out that he's doing to you what you did to me - ain't that the way it goes?' Justin Timberlake- What goes around... comes around
'My parents love me, and my girlfriend loves me. They keep photos of me - that's enough love for me.' Kaiser Chiefs- Everyday I Love You Less And Less
'We are the angry mob, we read the papers everyday day. We like who like, we hate who we hate, but we're also easily swayed.' Kaiser Chiefs- The Angry Mob
'There's no point sitting going crazy on your own.' Kaiser Chiefs- The Modern Way
'I know you have a little life in you yet, I know you have a lot of strength left.' Kate Bush- This Woman's Work
'All the things I should've said that I never said, all the things we should've done that we never did.' Kate Bush- This Woman's Work
‘Bad dreams in the night; they told me I was going to lose the fight.’ Kate Bush- Wuthering heights
‘You were the one, you were my love. You were mine, darling, once.’ Kate Nash- Are you there sweetheart?
‘I'll turn to you, 'cause you make me happy when skies are faded.’ Kate Nash- Body heat
‘I know you wanted to be with me. Yeah, pretty sure I was the one.’ Kate Nash- California poppies
‘Sometimes when I get down, I really like to get down low. I sink my feet into the ground, I dig a great big hole.’ Kate Nash- Call me
‘You're the one, with the sun. Feel that power and lift me up.’ Kate Nash- Call me
'I never noticed the way you dressed, but the way you dressed was more important to you than it was to being my friend.' Kate Nash- Fri-end
‘Show me something, all or nothing. You keep on changing your mind.’ Kate Nash- Hate you
‘I've been trying to give you everything. I lost my mind just trying to let you in.’ Kate Nash- Hate you
‘I hate rude ignorant bastards, and I hate snobbery. I hate anyone, who if I was serving chips, wouldn't talk to me.’ Kate Nash- I hate seagulls 
‘I wish that I could take you to another time, when everything was cool and my mental health was fine, but I'm trying.’ Kate Nash- Life in pink
‘She marched to her wardrobe and she threw away the colour, because wearing black looks mysterious, but it didn't impress her mother.’ Kate Nash- Mariella 
'Though you try to tell me that you never loved me, I know that you did 'cause you said it and you wrote it down.' Kate Nash- Merry happy
‘Dancing at discos, eating cheese on toast. Yeah you made me merry, made me very very happy but you obviously, you didn't want to stick around - so I learnt from you.’ Kate Nash- Merry happy 
‘I can be alone, yeah I can watch a sunset on my own.’  Kate Nash- Merry happy 
‘I tell myself no matter what happens tonight that everything will be OK. Yeah, everything is gonna be alright. I'm not sure if I believe it, but I hold onto it so much.’ Kate Nash- Musical theatre
‘You took the melancholy from my eyes.’ Kate Nash- My little alien
‘You’ve come so far, well done darling. We knew that you had it in you. You can do anything that you want, world is an oyster, don’t disappoint us.’ Kate Nash- Paris
'Part of me's living, and part of me's dead. And the part of my heart where you're still lying, it fled.' Kate Nash- Part Heart
'It doesn’t matter how many colours I paint my nails, I still feel the same. And it doesn’t matter how many times I change my clothes, I still feel the same. And it doesn’t matter how much I stay indoors, leave the house - I still feel the same.' Kate Nash- Part heart
‘It doesn’t matter how loud I play my music, I still feel the same. And it doesn’t matter what my good friends tell me, I still feel the same.’ Kate Nash- Part heart
‘You've got me standing in an awkward position with unwanted attention and a need for explanation, and it's not that I'm letting go of you, but I don't know what to do.’  Kate Nash- The skeleton song
‘I can't pretend, but you want me to.’ Kate Nash- To the music I belong
'Sometimes I think I need to watch the world go by, 'cause I don't wanna always have to try.' Kate Nash- Today
‘Maybe today when I go out, it will feel different, and I won't be scared at all.’ Kate Nash- Today
‘And when I saw you kissing that girl, my heart it shattered, and my eyes they watered, and when I tried to speak I stuttered. And my friends were like "Whatever, you'll find someone better. His eyes were way too close together, and we never even liked him from the start. And now he's with that tart, and I heard she done some really nasty stuff down in the park with Michael".’ Kate Nash- We get on
'We jump right in and throw open our hearts, and we catch a glimpse of something magical.' Keane- Love too much
'For a moment I was all that you could see. For a moment I was all that I could be, and nothing can take that away from me.' Keane- Love too much
'Oh, simple thing, where have you gone? I'm getting old and I need something to rely on.' Keane- Somewhere only we know
'This is the last time that I will say these words. I remember the first time - the first of many lies.' Keane- This is the last time
‘Could the end be a start? All sensible souls, oh, where do they go?’ Kensington- Uncharted
‘You won’t have to think twice; she’s pure as New York snow.’ Kim Carnes- Bette Davis eyes
‘You’re so nice and you’re so smart. You’re such a good friend I have to break your heart. Tell you that I love you then I’ll tear your world apart, just pretend I didn’t tear your world apart.’ Kimya Dawson- So nice so smart
‘People keep talking, but I can't hear a word they say. Life just keeps moving, the world gets stranger every day.’ Kodaline- After the fall
'All I want is nothing more (than) to hear you knocking at my door. 'Cause if I could see your face once more, I could die as a happy man I'm sure.' Kodaline- All I want
'When you said your last goodbye, I died a little bit inside... But if you loved me, why did you leave me?' Kodaline- All I want
‘You brought out the best of me, a part of me I'd never seen. You took my soul, wiped it clean.’ Kodaline- All I want
‘You shine like silver in the sunlight, you light up my cold heart. It feels right in the sun, the sun.’ Kodaline- Love like this
‘You were a moment in life that comes and goes. A riddle, a rhyme that no one knows. A change of a heart, a twist of fate. Couldn't fix it, it's too late.’ Kodaline- Talk
‘You make my heart feel like it's summer when the rain is pouring down.’ Kodaline- The one
'Don't be a drag, just be a queen.' Lady Gaga- Born this way
'Whether life's disabilities left you outcast, bullied, or teased. Rejoice and love yourself today, 'cause baby you were born this way.' Lady Gaga- Born this way
'No matter gay, straight or bi, lesbian, transgendered life, I'm on the right track baby, I was born to survive. No matter black, white or beige, chola or orient made, I'm on the right track baby, I was born to be brave.' Lady Gaga- Born this way
‘I'll always be your first love, you'll always be my first love.’  Laura Marling- New romantic
'I’m sorry to whichever man should meet my sorry state; watch my sturdy, lonesome gait and beware.'  Laura Marling- New romantic
‘There's never been a moment you were forgotten.’ Lauren Daigle- Rescue
‘In you I find my worth, in you I find my identity.’ Lauren Daigle- You say
'Love is not a victory march, it's a cold and it's a broken Hallelujah.' Leonard Cohen- Hallelujah
'In my life, there's been no one like him anywhere, anywhere where he is. If he asked, I'd be his.' Les Miserables- In My Life
'Here they talked of revolution, here it was they lit the flame. Here they sang about tomorrow, and tomorrow never came.' Les Miserables- Empty chairs at empty tables
'Oh my friends, my friends forgive me that I live and you are gone. There's a grief that can't be spoken, and there's a pain goes on and on.' Les Miserables- Empty chairs at empty tables
'He slept a summer by my side, he filled my days with endless wonder. He took my childhood in his stride, but he was gone when autumn came.' Les Miserables- I dreamed a dream
'I had a dream my life would be so different from this hell I'm living, so different now from what it seemed. Now life has killed the dream I dreamed.' Les Miserables- I dreamed a dream
‘The city goes to bed, and I can live inside my head. On my own, pretending he's beside me. All alone, I walk with him ‘til morning.’ Les Miserables- On my own  
‘And I know it’s only in my mind, that I’m talking to myself and not to him.’  Les Miserables- On my own
‘Without him the world around me changes; the trees are bare and everywhere the streets are full of strangers.’ Les Miserables- On my own
'Who cares about your lonely soul? We strive towards a larger goal! Our little lives don't count at all.' Les Miserables- Red and Black
'And so Javert, you see it's true - that man bears no more guilt than you. Who am I? 24601!' Les Miserables- Who Am I?
‘I let my guard down, and then you pulled the rug... I was getting kind of used to being someone you loved.’ Lewis Capaldi- Someone you loved
‘I’m going under, and this time I fear there’s no one to save me.’ Lewis Capaldi- Someone you loved
‘They all call me crazy, and by now they’re probably right. No matter what I try, there’ll always be an empty space.’ Liam Payne- Heart meet break
‘Sun is in the sky, oh why, oh why would I wanna be anywhere else?’ Lily Allen- LDN
'I'd meet a man and I'd follow him blindly. He'd snap his fingers, me? I'd say 'Sure'.' Little Shop of Horrors- Suddenly Seymour
‘I kept everything inside and even though I tried, it all fell apart. What it meant to me will eventually be a memory of a time.’ Linkin Park- In the end
‘I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end, it doesn't even matter.’ Linkin Park- In the end 
‘Time is a valuable thing, watch it fly by as the pendulum swings. Watch it count down to the end of the day, the clock ticks life away.’ Linkin Park- In the end
'I don't know what you're expecting of me, put under the pressure of walking in your shoes. Every step that I take is another mistake to you.' Linkin Park- Numb
'And I know I may end up failing too, but I know you were just like me with someone disappointed in you.' Linkin Park- Numb
‘You're gone, gone, gone away - I watched you disappear. All that's left is a ghost of you. Now we're torn, torn, torn apart - there's nothing we can do. Just let me go… we'll meet again soon.’ Little Talks- Of monsters and men
‘Wait, wait, wait for me - please hang around. I'll see you when I fall asleep.’ Little Talks- Of monsters and men
‘The night was full of terrors, and your eyes were filled with tears.’ Lord Huron- The night we met
‘I don't know what I'm supposed to do, haunted by the ghost of you. Take me back to the night we met.’ Lord Huron- The night we met
‘I had all and then most of you, some and now none of you.’ Lord Huron- The night we met
'Feed animals in the zoo, then later a movie too, and then home. Oh it's such a perfect day, I'm glad I spent it with you.' Lou Reed- Perfect Day 
'And years come, and years go, time runs dry. Still I ache down to the core. My broken soul can't be alive and whole 'til I hear you sing once more.' Love Never Dies- 'Til I hear you sing
‘Her eyes grow cold, and she begs the world to just let her go.’ Madina Lake- Adalia
‘I'll be chasing dragonflies from her darkest skies until the day she dies.’ Madina Lake- Adalia 
‘What was I waiting for? The years went flying by me, and I can't ever get them back.’ Madina Lake- Escape from here
‘The only thing I know about honesty is every lie I told, that you believed.’ Madina Lake- House of cards
‘I'm shivering as the truth is settling - her tomorrow has nothing to do with me.’ Madina Lake- One last kiss
'Girls can wear jeans and cut their hair short, wear shirts and boots, 'cause it's okay to be a boy. But for a boy to look like a girl is degrading, 'cause you think that being a girl is degrading. But secretly you'd love to know what it's like wouldn't you? What it feels like for a girl.' Madonna - What it Feels Like for a Girl
‘I remember every time I had a frown, you'd hold me until the stars came out and the sun went down.’ Mahalia- I remember
‘Like a little girl cries in the face of a monster that lives in her dreams - is there anyone out there? 'Cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe.’ Maroon 5- Harder to breathe
‘Hypnotised by the words you say; not true, but I believe them anyway.’ Maroon 5- Harder to breathe
‘Oh baby, why did you run away? I was there for you in your darkest times, I was there for you in your darkest night.’ Maroon 5- Maps
‘All the roads you took came back to me, so I'm following the map that leads to you.’ Maroon 5- Maps
‘He was always there to help her, she always belonged to someone else.’ Maroon 5- She will be loved
'Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay awhile.' Maroon 5- She will be loved 
‘I know that goodbye means nothing at all - comes back and makes me catch her every time she falls.’ Maroon 5- She will be loved
‘You look at me, I look at you - neither of us know what to do.’ Maroon 5- Shiver
‘How does it feel to know you never have to be alone when you get home?’ Maroon 5- Sweetest goodbye
‘You're just innocent, a helpless victim of a spider's web. And I'm an insect, going after anything that I can get.’ Maroon 5- Tangled
‘Sometimes I wonder if I disappear, would you ever turn your head and look, see if I'm gone?’ Maroon 5- Tangled
‘I’ll fix these broken things, repair your broken wings, and make sure everything’s alright.’ Maroon 5- This love
‘The weight of things that remain unspoken built up so much it crushed us everyday.’ Maroon 5- Won’t go home without you
‘Ooh, it feels so good when you let go of all the drama in your life. Now you're free from all the pain, free from all the game.’ Mary J Blige- No more drama
‘God knows where the story ends for me, but I know where the story begins. It's up to us to choose whether we win or lose - and I choose to win.’ Mary J Blige- No more drama
'All we see is bad blood and mistakes, all we hear are sad songs about heartbreaks. And no matter how long it takes, we're not gonna give up - we can do better.' Matt Simons- We can do better
'We’re sorry but we disagree; the boy is vermin, can’t you see?' McFly- Transylvania
'If I gotta be damned, you know I want to be damned dancing through the night with you.' Meat Loaf- Bat out of hell
‘Then like a sinner before the gates of heaven, I’ll come crawling on back to you.’ Meat Loaf- Bat out of hell 
'I'm down in the bottom of a pit in the blazing sun, torn and twisted at the foot of a burning bike. And I think somebody somewhere must be tolling a bell. And the last thing I see is my heart, still beating, breaking out of my body and flying away like a bat out of hell.' Meat Loaf- Bat out of hell 
'I'll never forget the way you feel right now, oh no, no way. And I would do anything for love, but I won't do that.' Meat Loaf- I'd do anything for love (but I won't do that)
'I finished crying in the instant that you left, and I can't remember where or when or how, and I banished every memory you and I have ever made.' Meat Loaf- It's all coming back to me
'I remember every little thing as if it happened only yesterday. Parking by the lake and there was not another car in sight. I never had a girl looking any better than you did, and all the kids at school, they were wishing they were me that night.' Meat Loaf- Paradise by the dashboard lights 
‘Ain't no doubt about it, we were doubly blessed. 'Cause we were barely seventeen and we were barely dressed.’ Meat Loaf- Paradise by the dashboard lights 
'I gotta know right now before we go any further, do you love me and will you love me forever?' Meat Loaf- Paradise by the dashboard light
'On a hot summer night, would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses?' Meat Loaf- You took the words right out of my mouth
‘We were lying together in a silver lining.’ Meat Loaf- You took the words right out of my mouth
'It's only fear that makes you run, the demons that you're hiding from.' Melissa Etheridge- I'm the only one
'Have you seen my childhood? I'm searching for that wonder in my youth. Like pirates in adventurous dreams, of conquest, and kings on the throne.' Michael Jackson- Childhood
'I used to dream, I used to glance beyond the stars. Now I don't know where we are, although I know we've drifted far.' Michael Jackson- Earth Song
'I'm starting with the man in the mirror, I'm asking him to change his ways. And no message could have been any clearer - if you wanna make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and then make a change.' Michael Jackson- Man in the mirror
'She's out of my life, and I don't know whether to laugh or cry. I don't know whether to live or die.' Michael Jackson- She's out of my life
'All I wanted was to break your walls. All you ever did was wreck me.' Miley Cyrus- Wrecking ball
'You’re not right in the head, and nor am I. And this is why, this is why I like you.’  Morrissey- I like you
'Often I am upset that I cannot fall in love, but I guess this avoids the stress of falling out of it.' Mounika- Cut my hair
'It was not your fault but mine, and it was your heart on the line. I really fucked it up this time didn't I, my dear?' Mumford & Sons- Little lion man
‘Can you lie next to her, and give her your heart, your heart, as well as your body? And can you lie next to her, and confess your love, your love, as well as your folly?’  Mumford & Sons- White blank page 
‘They will try to make you unhappy - don't let them. They will try to tell you you're not free - don't listen.’ Muna- I know a place
'Everything about you is how I'd wanna be, your freedom comes naturally.' Muse- Bliss
‘You can see it and you can almost hear it too. You can almost taste it. It's nought to do with you, and it's still nothing that you can do.’ Muse- Cave
‘Passing by, you light up my darkest skies.’ Muse- Darkshines
‘You would try anything to escape your meaningless and your insignificance.’ Muse- Escape
‘Too late, I already found what I was looking for - you know it wasn’t you, no, it wasn’t you.’ Muse- Falling down
‘Give me your heart and your soul.’ Muse- Hysteria
‘Come, ride with me through the veins of history. I’ll show you a God who falls asleep on the job.’ Muse- Knights of Cydonia 
'Don't waste your time, or time will waste you.' Muse- Knights of Cydonia
‘I tried so hard to let you go, but some kind of madness is swallowing me whole.’ Muse- Madness
‘Save me from the ghosts and shadows before they eat my soul.’ Muse- Mercy
'How could you send us so far away from home, when you know damn well that this is wrong? I will still lay down my life for you. And do you think you deserve your freedom? No, I don't think you do.' Muse- Soldier's poem
'You electrify my life - let's conspire to ignite all the souls that would die just to feel alive.' Muse- Starlight
‘Our hopes and expectations; black holes and revelations.’ Muse- Starlight
‘She burns like the sun, and I can’t look away.’ Muse- Sunburn
'You could be my unintended choice to live my life extended. You could be the one I'll always love.' Muse- Unintended
‘I'll be there as soon as I can, but I'm busy mending broken pieces of the life I had before.’ Muse- Unintended
'Counting down the days to go, it just ain't living.' My Chemical Romance- Cancer
'I will not kiss you, 'cause the hardest part of this is leaving you.' My Chemical Romance- Cancer
‘Have you heard the news that you're dead? No one ever had much nice to say, I think they never liked you anyway.’ My Chemical Romance- Dead!
'If life ain't just a joke, then why are we laughing?' My Chemical Romance- Dead!
‘I am not afraid to keep on living, I am not afraid to walk this world alone.’ My Chemical Romance- Famous last words
‘Came a time when every star fall brought you to tears again.’ My Chemical Romance- Helena
'I don't love you like I did yesterday.' My Chemical Romance- I don't love you
'You said you read me like a book, but the pages all are torn and frayed.' My Chemical Romance- I’m not okay (I promise)
'Mama, we all go to hell. Mama, we all go to hell. It's really quite pleasant, except for the smell.' My Chemical Romance- Mama
'We all carry on when our brothers in arms are gone. So raise your glass high, for tomorrow we die, and return from the ashes you call.' My Chemical Romance- Mama
‘The hardest part is letting go of your dreams.’ My Chemical Romance- Sleep
'I'm really not so with you anymore. I'm just a ghost, so I can't hurt you anymore.' My Chemical Romance- This is how I disappear
'Son, when you grow up would you be the saviour of the broken, the beaten, and the damned?' My Chemical Romance- Welcome to the black parade 
‘And though you're dead and gone believe me, your memory will carry on. We'll carry on.’ My Chemical Romance- Welcome to the black parade 
'I won't explain or say I'm sorry. I'm unashamed, I'm gonna show my scar. Give a cheer for all the broken. Listen here, because it's who we are.' My Chemical Romance- Welcome to the black parade 
'I'm just a man, I'm not a hero. Just a boy who had to sing this song.' My Chemical Romance- Welcome to the black parade
‘Young love, it never seems to last.’ Mystery Jets- Young love
‘You don't need eyes to see if someone's got a heart of glass.’ Mystery Jets- Young love 
‘The greatest thing you’ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.’ Nat King Cole- Nature Boy
‘I got a pocket, got a pocketful of sunshine. I got a love, and I know that it's all mine.’ Natasha Bedingfield- Pocketful of sunshine
‘There's no more lies. In the darkness, there's light, and nobody cries.’ Natasha Bedingfield- Pocketful of sunshine
‘If I lose myself, I lose it all.’ Naughty Boy feat. Beyonce- Runnin’
'Love you so much, can't count all the ways I’d die for you girl, and all they can say is ‘He's not your kind’.'  Neil Diamond - Girl, you’ll be a woman soon 
‘Hands touching hands, reaching out, touching me, touching you.’ Neil Diamond- Sweet Caroline
‘And you, with your newborn eyes - have you ever loved a man like I love him? Do you hurt, but still feel alive like never before?’ Nerina Pallot- Sophia  
‘You still make me nervous when you walk in the room. Them butterflies, they come alive when I'm next to you.’ Niall Horan- This town
'I love you, I have loved you all along. And I forgive you for being away for far too long.' Nickelback- Far away
‘I’ve been wrong, I’ve been down, been to the bottom of every bottle. These five words in my head scream 'Are we having fun yet?' ’ Nickelback- How you remind me
'Everyone I know goes away in the end. And you could have it all, my empire of dirt. I will let you down, I will make you hurt.' Nine Inch Nails- Hurt
'I’m so happy, ‘cause today I found my friends - they’re in my head.' Nirvana- Lithium
‘I like it, I’m not gonna crack. I miss you, I’m not gonna crack. I love you, I’m not gonna crack...’ Nirvana- Lithium
‘With the lights out, it’s less dangerous.’ Nirvana- Smells like teen spirit
‘My soul slides away, but don't look back in anger, I heard you say.’ Oasis- Don’t look back in anger
‘Maybe you will never be all the things that you want to be. But now is not the time to cry, now’s the time to find out why.’ Oasis- Live forever
'Now I’m waiting for something better… Ain't nothing better worth imagining.' Onerepublic- Burning bridges
‘I feel something so right, in doing the wrong thing.’ Onerepublic- Counting stars
'Everything that kills me makes me feel alive.' Onerepublic- Counting Stars
'There's no one in this world that I'd rather be unhappy with.' Paloma Faith- Just be
‘The wolves, they howled for my lost soul, I fell down a deep black hole.’ Paloma Faith- New York
‘The greatest times - I don't want to hear it. Your new laughter lines - I don't want to hear it.’ Paloma Faith- New York
'Do you think of her when you're with me? Repeat the memories you made together - whose face do you see?' Paloma Faith- Picking up the pieces
'Now she's gone and I'm picking up the pieces. I watch you cry, but you don't see that I'm the one by your side.' Paloma Faith- Picking up the pieces
'When the world gets too heavy, put it on my back - I'll be your levy.' Panic! At the Disco- Always
'It was always you.' Panic! At the Disco- Always
'Lonely, lonely little life. I could kid myself in thinking that I'm fine.' Panic! At the Disco- Always
'Tonight's tenants range from a lawyer and a virgin, accessorising with a rosary tucked inside her lingerie. She's getting a job at the firm come Monday, the Mrs. will stay with the cheating attorney. Moonlighting aside, she really needs his money. Oh, wonderful caricature of intimacy.' Panic! At the Disco- Build God, Then We'll Talk
'Share one more drink with me. Smile even though you're sad.' Panic! At the Disco- Death of a Bachelor
"What a beautiful wedding! What a beautiful wedding," says a bridesmaid to the waiter, "And, yes, but what a shame, what a shame the poor groom's bride is a whore." I chime in with a "Haven't you people ever heard of closing a goddamn door?!" Panic! At the Disco- I Write Sins Not Tragedies
‘Just for the record, the weather today is slightly sarcastic with a good chance of: A) Indifference, or B) Disinterest in what the critics say.’  Panic! At the disco- London beckoned songs about money by machines
‘Is it still me that makes you sweat, am I who you think about in bed?’ Panic! At the disco- Lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking off her clothes
'I do recall we just were getting to the part where the shock sets in, and the stomach acid finds a new way to make you get sick.' Panic! At the disco- Lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking off her clothes
'But who could love me? I am out of my mind!' Panic! At the Disco- She had the world
'Swear to shake it up, if you swear to listen. Oh, we're still so young, desperate for attention.' Panic! At the Disco- The Only Difference Between Martyrdom And Suicide Is Press Coverage
''I'm wrecking this evening already and loving every minute of it.' Panic! At the disco- There’s a good reason these tables are numbered honey, you just haven’t thought of it yet
'When you're in black slacks with accentuating, off-white pin-stripes? Oh, everything goes according to plan.' Panic! At the disco- There’s a good reason these tables are numbered honey, you just haven’t thought of it yet
‘And I know, and I know, it just doesn’t feel like a night out with no one sizing you up.’ Panic! At the disco- There’s a good reason these tables are numbered honey, you just haven’t thought of it yet
‘You hit me with lightning - maybe I'll come alive.’ Paramore- Hard times
‘Walking around, my little rain cloud hanging over my head, and it ain't coming down.’ Paramore- Hard times
‘Oh, I'm so annoyed, ‘cause I just killed off what was left of the optimist in me.’ Paramore- Rose-colored boy
‘After all this time, I'm still into you. I should be over all the butterflies, but I'm into you, I'm into you.’ Paramore- Still into you
‘Up until now, I had sworn to myself that I’m content with loneliness, because none of it was ever worth the risk. Well, you are the only exception.’ Paramore- The only exception
'He's a cold hearted snake, look into his eyes. Uh-oh, he's been telling lies.' Paula Abdul- Cold Hearted
'I can feel their laughter, so why do I sear? Oh, and twisted thoughts that spin round my head, I'm spinning, oh, I'm spinning - how quick the sun can drop away.' Pearl Jam- Black
‘I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a sun in somebody else's sky. But why, why, why can't it be, can't it be mine?’ Pearl Jam- Black
‘Two angels rescued from the fall. After all that we’ve been through, it all comes down to me and you. I guess it’s meant to be, forever you and me, after all.’ Peter Cetera- After all 
'How can you just walk away from me, when all I can do is watch you leave? 'Cause we've shared the laughter and the pain, and even shared the tears. You're the only one who really knew me at all.' Phil Collins- Against all odds
'Take a good look at me now, 'cause I'll still be standing here. And you coming back to me is against all odds - it's the chance I've got to take.' Phil Collins- Against all odds
‘Don’t wanna be my friend no more, I wanna be somebody else.’ Pink- Don’t let me get me 
'In our family portrait we look pretty happy. Let's play pretend, let's act like it comes naturally. I don't wanna have to split the holidays, I don't want two addresses. I don't want a step-brother anyways, and I don't want my mom to have to change her last name.' Pink- Family portrait
'We're not broken, just bent, and we can learn to love again.' Pink- Just give me a reason
'The road to darkness has a way of always knowing my name, but I think nobody knows.' Pink- Nobody knows
'Nobody knows the rhythm of my heart the way I do when I'm lying in the dark, and the world is asleep.' Pink- Nobody knows
‘Where there is desire, there is gonna be a flame. Where there is a flame, someone's bound to get burned. But just because it burns, doesn't mean you're gonna die. You've gotta get up and try, and try, and try.’ Pink- Try
'We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control. No dark sarcasm in the classroom, teachers leave those kids alone.' Pink Floyd- Another brick in the wall (part 2)
‘You are young and life is long and there is time to kill today. And then one day you find ten years have got behind you. No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun.’ Pink Floyd- The dark side of the moon 
'Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.’  Pink Floyd- The dark side of the moon
'We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year.' Pink Floyd- Wish you were here
‘Our friends would all make fun of us, and we’ll just laugh along because we know that none of them have felt this way.’ Plain White Tee’s – Hey There Delilah
‘I could put my arms around every boy I see, but they’d only remind me of you.’ Prince- Nothing compares 2 U
‘Like an own-brand box of cornflakes, he's going to let you down, my friend.’  Pulp- Bad Cover Version
'Rent a flat above a shop, cut your hair and get a job. Smoke some fags and play some pool, pretend you never went to school. But still you'll never get it right, 'cause when you're laid in bed at night watching roaches climb the wall, if you called your Dad he could stop it all.' Pulp- Common people
‘You'll never fail like common people. You'll never watch your life slide out of view, and then dance, and drink, and screw, because there's nothing else to do.’ Pulp- Common people
‘They said that when we grew up we’d get married, and never split up. Oh we never did it, although I often thought of it.’ Pulp- Disco 2000 
'I am not Jesus, though I have the same initials. I am the man who stays home to wash the dishes.' Pulp- Dishes
‘You say you’ve gotta go home because he’s eaten on his own again this evening. Yeah, you’re gonna let him bore your pants off again.’ Pulp- Do you remember the first time
'You wanna go home? Well at least there's someone there that you can talk to, and you'll never have to face up to the night on your own.' Pulp- Do you remember the first time
‘I can't help it, I was dragged up. My favourite parks are car parks; grass is something you smoke; birds are something you shag. Take your year in Provence, and stick it up your ass.’ Pulp- I spy 
'We want your homes, we want your lives, we want the things you won't allow us. We won't use guns, we won't use bombs. We'll use the one thing we've got more of - that's our minds.' Pulp- Misshapes
‘Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango? Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very frightening!’ Queen- Bohemian Rhapsody 
‘Nothing really matters, anyone can see. Nothing really matters, nothing really matters to me.’ Queen- Bohemian Rhapsody 
‘I'm burning through the sky, yeah. Two hundred degrees, that's why they call me Mr. Fahrenheit!’  Queen- Don’t stop me now 
‘Love of my life, don't leave me. You've taken my love, and now desert me.’ Queen- Love of my life
‘Each morning I get up and die a little, can barely stand on my feet.’ Queen- Somebody to love
‘Inside my heart is breaking, my make-up may be flaking but my smile still stays on.’ Queen- The show must go on 
‘Insanity laughs under pressure - we're breaking.’ Queen- Under pressure
‘These are the days - it never rains, but it pours.’ Queen- Under pressure
‘Love dares you to change our way of caring about ourselves.’ Queen- Under pressure
‘There’s no chance for us, it’s all decided for us. This world has only one sweet moment set aside for us.' Queen -Who wants to live forever  
'Who wants to live forever? Who dares to live forever, when love must die? But touch my tears with your lips, touch my world with your fingertips, and we can have forever.’ Queen -Who wants to live forever 
'I want you to notice when I'm not around.' Radiohead- Creep
‘When my breath runs cold, I'll be thinking about you.’ Rag 'n' Bone Man- Skin
'Is the city I live in, the city of angels? Lonely as I am, together we cry.' Red Hot Chili Peppers- Under the bridge
‘You are my sweetest downfall. I loved you first, I loved you first.’ Regina Spektor- Samson 
'I had no idea where my head was at, but if my heart says I'm sorry can we leave it at that? Because I just want for all of this to end.' Relient K- I so hate consequences
‘I said the words I knew you knew - oh God, oh God I needed you. God, all this time I needed you, I needed you.’ Relient K- I so hate consequences
‘He said I love you, and that's what you are getting yourself into.’ Relient K- Getting into you
‘Trying to ignite some sort of passion from inside, to overcome this feeling of desertion.’ Relient K- Sahara
‘Every time you wrapped those arms around me I felt I was home, ‘cause everything made sense when you were with me.’ Relient K- Savannah
‘Know I'll always love you, but right now I just don’t like you.’ Relient K- Which to bury, us or the hatchet? 
‘She’s almost brighter than the sun. Seems to me to be unfair, when you consider everyone who pales when they compare.’ Relient K- Candlelight
‘Without you the ground thaws, the rain falls, the grass grows. Without you the seeds root, the flowers bloom, the children play. The stars gleam, the poets dream, the eagles fly without you. The earth turns, the sun burns, but I die without you.’ RENT- Without you
‘She’ll make you live her crazy life but she’ll take away your pain, like a bullet to your brain.’ Ricky Martin- Livin’ la Vida Loca
‘The weight is crushing down on my lungs. I know I can't breathe, and hope someone will save me this time.’ Rilo Kiley- A better son/daughter
‘Crawl back into bed to dream of a time when your heart was open wide, and you loved things just because.’ Rilo Kiley- A better son/daughter
‘You're weak, but not giving in to the cries and the wails of the valley below.’ Rilo Kiley- A better son/daughter
‘Sing me a love song, drop me a line. Suppose it's just a point of view, but they tell me I'm doing fine.’ Robbie Williams- No regrets
‘I loved the way we used to laugh, I loved the way we used to smile. Often I sit down and think of you for a while, then it passes by me and I think of someone else instead.’ Robbie Williams- No regrets
‘I chose you and that's all gone to waste - it's Saturday, I'll go out and find another you.’ Robbie Williams- Sexed up 
'I was her, she was me. We were one, we were free.' World Party- She's the one
'He sang as if he knew me in all my dark despair, and then he looked right through me as if I wasn't there.' Roberta Flack- Killing me softly
‘Rose tint my world, keep me safe from my trouble and pain.’ Rocky Horror Picture Show- Rose tint my world
‘I see you shiver with anticipation. But maybe the rain isn’t really to blame, so I’ll remove the cause, but not the symptom.’  Rocky Horror Picture Show- Sweet transvestite
‘Where do we go from here? How do you fly with no wings; how do you breathe without dreams?’ Ruelle- Where do we go from here?
‘And it's hard, the days just seem so dark, the moon and the stars are nothing without you.’ Sam Smith- Lay me down
‘I'd never ask you cause deep down, I'm certain I know what you'd say. You'd say “I'm sorry, believe me, I love you... but not in that way.”’ Sam Smith- Not in that way
'Maybe there's a way out of the cage where you live.' Sara Bareilles- Brave
‘She's imperfect, but she tries. She is good, but she lies. She is hard on herself. She is broken, and won't ask for help.’ Sara Bareilles- She used to be mine
‘Growing stronger each day 'til it finally reminds her to fight just a little. To bring back the fire in her eyes that's been gone, but used to be mine.’ Sara Bareilles- She used to be mine
'Give me an evening, or give me a night - I'll show you the time of your life. I'll walk you home safe from the dark. I'll give you my jacket, I'll give you my heart.' Scouting for Girls- Heartbeat
'The world can be a nasty place, you know it, I know it. We don't have to fall from grace. Put down the weapons you fight with, and kill 'em with kindness.' Selena Gomez- Kill 'em with kindness
‘If this world is wearing thin and you’re thinking of escape, I’ll go anywhere with you - just wrap me up in chains. But if you try to go alone, don’t think I’ll understand.’ Shakespear’s Sister- Stay 
‘Cry and tell me not to worry. ‘Cause what I don’t know, is never gonna hurt me.’ Shane Mack- Lie to me
‘Couldn’t you offer me a little dishonesty? Promise me you’ll try, you’ll lie to me.’ Shane Mack- Lie to me
‘I remember you, but I can't seem to remember to forget.’ Shane Mack- Remember to forget
'You know that I hate to admit it, but everything means nothing if I can't have you.' Shawn Mendes- If I can’t have you
‘If it makes you happy, it can’t be that bad.’ Sheryl Crow- If it makes you happy 
‘I'll follow you down through the eye of the storm. Don't worry, I'll keep you warm.’ Shinedown- I’ll follow you
‘You had this smile that could light up the world. Now when it rains, it seems the sun never shines.’ Slaughter- Fly to the angels
‘All the stars in the night shine in your name.’ Slaughter- Fly to the angels
'I believe we place our happiness in other people’s hands.' Savage Garden- Affirmation
‘She knows from the smiles and the look in their eyes - everyone's got a theory about the bitter one.’ Savage Garden- To the moon and back
‘Send a signal that she's hanging all her hopes on the stars.’ Savage Garden- To the moon and back
‘Tell me, is something wrong? If something’s wrong you can count on me. You know I’ll take my heart clean apart, if it helps yours beat.’ Sleeping At Last- Two
'I just want to build you up, build you up ’til you’re good as new. And maybe one day, I will get around to fixing myself too.' Sleeping At Last- Two
‘Bodies fashioned out of dirt and dust; for a moment, we get to be glorious.’ Sleeping At Last- Four
‘What if we already are who we’ve been dying to become? In certain light I can plainly see a reflection of magnificence hidden in you - maybe even in me.’ Sleeping At last- Four
'How nice it’d be if we could try everything. I’m serious, let’s make a list and just begin.' Sleeping At Last- Seven
'It feels like sinking when I’m standing in one place. So I look to the future and I book another flight. When everything feels heavy, I’ve learned to travel light.' Sleeping At Last- Seven
‘How do I forgive myself for losing so much time?’ Sleeping At Last- Nine
‘Choked up, I realise I’ve been less than half myself for more than half my life.’ Sleeping At Last- Nine
‘Through water damaged bloodshot eyes - the fleeting triumphs, brazen lies - all seem to mingle into one. One gigantic fairytale of friends I haven’t seen in years.’ Snow Patrol- Please take these photos from my hands 
‘More than anything, I want to see you go take a glorious bite out of the whole world.’ Snow Patrol- You could be happy
'Let 'em say we're crazy, I don't care about that. Put your hand in my hand, baby, don't ever look back.' Starship- Nothing's gonna stop us now
‘You can find yourself a God, and believe in which one you want; ‘cause they’ll love you all the same, they just go by different names.’  Stereophonics- It means nothing
'My Cherie amour, pretty little one that I adore. You're the only girl my heart beats for.' Stevie Wonder- My Cherie amour
When a man of my age shaves his face in the morning, who is it that stares back and greets him? The ghost of his father long dead all these years? Or the boy that he was, still wet in the ears?' Sting- I love her but she loves someone else
‘I would say I love you, but saying it out loud is hard. So I won't say it at all.’ Sufjan Stevens- Futile devices
‘You are the life I needed all along.’ Sufjan Stevens- Futile devices
‘For the love, for laughter, I flew up to your arms.’ Sufjan Stevens- Visions of Gideon
‘Now we all deserve to die - tell you why, Mrs. Lovett, tell you why. Because the lives of the wicked should be made brief, for the rest of us death will be a relief. We all deserve to die!’  Sweeney Todd- Epiphany 
'Demons will charm you with a smile for a while.' Sweeney Todd- Not while I'm around 
‘All the stars are coming out tonight, they’re lighting up the sky tonight for you.’ Take That- Rule the world
‘I will never ask if you don't ever tell me - I know you well enough to know you never loved me.’  Taking Back Sunday- Cute without the ‘E’
‘Why can’t I feel anything from anyone other than you?’ Taking Back Sunday- Cute without the ‘E’
‘To those jukebox bars you frequent, the safest place to hide. A long night spent with your most obvious weaknesses, you start shaking at the thought.’ Taking Back Sunday- MakeDamnSure
'Maybe I should hate you for this, never really did ever quite get that.' Taking Back Sunday- You’re so last summer 
‘The truth is you could slit my throat, and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologise for bleeding on your shirt.’ Taking Back Sunday- You’re so last summer 
‘You may ask yourself, “Am I right? Am I wrong?”. And you may say to yourself, "My God! What have I done?".’ Talking Heads- Once in a lifetime
'And there we are again, when nobody had to know. You kept me like a secret, but I kept you like an oath.' Taylor Swift- All too well
'Maybe this thing was a masterpiece 'yil you tore it all up. Running scared, I was there, I remember it all too well.' Taylor Swift- All too well
‘I'd like to be my old self again, but I'm still trying to find it.’ Taylor Swift- All too well 
‘It was enough to live for the hope of it all.’ Taylor Swift- August
'It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you, wishing I'd realised what I had when you were mine.' Taylor Swift- Back to December
'And I think about summer, all the beautiful times I watched you laughing from the passenger side. Realised I loved you in the fall. And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind. You gave me all your love, and all I gave you was 'Goodbye'.' Taylor Swift- Back to December
‘You can't believe a word she says most times, but this time it was true.’ Taylor Swift- Betty
‘I'm only seventeen, I don't know anything - but I know I miss you.’ Taylor Swift- Betty
'So it's gonna be forever, or it's gonna go down in flames. You can tell me when it's over if the high was worth the pain.' Taylor Swift- Blank Space 
‘When you are young, they assume you know nothing. But I knew you.’ Taylor Swift- Cardigan
‘When I felt like I was an old cardigan under someone's bed, you put me on and said I was your favourite.’ Taylor Swift- Cardigan
‘A friend to all is a friend to none.’ Taylor Swift- Cardigan
‘You drew stars around my scars.’ Taylor Swift- Cardigan
‘I knew you'd haunt all of my what-ifs.’ Taylor Swift- Cardigan
‘Will you forgive my soul when you're too wise to trust me, and too old to care?’ Taylor Swift- Coney Island
'I lived in your chess game, but you changed the rules everyday.' Taylor Swift- Dear John
‘Saying goodbye is death by a thousand cuts.’ Taylor Swift- Death by a thousand cuts
‘You said it was a great love, one for the ages. But if the story's over, why am I still writing pages?’ Taylor Swift- Death by a thousand cuts
‘All of this silence and patience, pining and anticipation. My hands are shaking from holding back from you.’ Taylor Swift- Dress
‘All I’ve seen since eighteen hours ago is green eyes and freckles and your smile in the back of my mind.’ Taylor Swift & Ed Sheeran- Everything has changed
‘I think I've seen this film before, and I didn't like the ending.’ Taylor Swift- Exile
‘So many signs, so many signs. You didn't even see the signs.’ Taylor Swift- Exile
'Abigail gave everything she had to a boy who changed his mind, and we both cried.' Taylor Swift- Fifteen
‘There'll be happiness after you, but there was happiness because of you; both of these things can be true.’ Taylor Swift- Happiness
‘Don't want no other shade of blue but you. No other sadness in the world would do.’ Taylor Swift- Hoax
'I want you for worse or for better, I would wait forever and ever. Broke your heart, I'll put it back together.' Taylor Swift- How you get the girl
‘It isn't love, it isn't hate, it's just indifference.’ Taylor Swift- I forgot that you existed
‘Isn't it just so pretty to think all along there was some invisible string tying you to me?’ Taylor Swift- Invisible string
‘Can I go where you go? Can we always be this close forever and ever?’ Taylor Swift- Lover
‘My heart's been borrowed and yours has been blue. All's well that ends well to end up with you. Swear to be over-dramatic and true to my lover.’ Taylor Swift- Lover
‘What a shame she went mad - No one likes a mad woman. You made her like that, and you'll poke that bear 'til her claws come out.’ Taylor Swift- Mad woman
‘It's obvious that wanting me dead has really brought you two together.’ Taylor Swift- Mad  woman
‘What died didn't stay dead. You're alive, you're alive in my head.’ Taylor Swift- Marjorie
‘If I didn't know better, I'd think you were singing to me now. If I didn't know better, I'd think you were still around. I know better, but I still feel you all around.’ Taylor Swift- Marjorie
‘The rumours are terrible and cruel, but, honey, most of them are true.’ Taylor Swift- New romantics
'You did a number on me, but honestly baby, who's counting?’ Taylor Swift- So it goes
'We are alone with our changing minds. We fall in love 'til it hurts, or bleeds, or fades in time.' Taylor Swift- State of grace
‘We were something, don't you think so?’ Taylor Swift- The 1
‘There goes the maddest woman this town has ever seen; she had a marvellous time ruining everything.’ Taylor Swift- The last great American dynasty
'When you're young, you just run, but you come back to what you need.’ Taylor Swift- This love
'I made you my temple, my mural, my sky. Now I'm begging for footnotes in the story of your life.' Taylor Swift- Tolerate it
'The saddest fear comes creeping in - that you never loved me, or her, or anyone, or anything.' Taylor Swift- Trouble 
‘She’s going off about something that you said, ‘cause she doesn’t get your humour like I do.’ Taylor Swift- You belong with me
'You've got a smile that could light up this whole town. I haven't seen it in a while since she brought you down. You say you're fine, I know you better than that. Hey, what you doing with a girl like that?' Taylor Swift- You belong with me
'Welcome to your life. There's no turning back.' Tears For Fears- Everybody wants to rule the world
'Help me make the most of freedom and of pleasure. Nothing ever lasts forever.' Tears For Fears- Everybody wants to rule the world
'Something happens and I'm head over heels. Ah, don't take my heart, don't break my heart, don't, don't, don't throw it away.' Tears For Fears- Head over heels
‘All around me are familiar faces, worn out places, worn out faces. Bright and early for their daily races, going nowhere, going nowhere.’ Tears For Fears- Mad world 
‘Everyone wants to be loved, to be loved - what more could you ask for?’  The Academy is...- About a girl
‘You’ve won the role, you’ve played your part, you’ve been cordially invited. But I’m not impressed, and I’m definitely not excited.’ The Academy is…- Slow down 
'Life ain't always what you think it ought to be, no. Ain't even grey, but she buries her baby.' The Band Perry- If I die young
‘If you should ever leave me, though life would still go on, believe me; the world could show nothing to me, so what good would living do me? God only knows what I'd be without you.’ The Beach Boys- God only knows
'All the lonely people, where do they all come from? All the lonely people, where do they all belong?' The Beatles- Eleanor Rigby
‘I know I’ll never lose affection for people and things that went before. I know I’ll often stop and think about them.’ The Beatles- In my life 
'Why she had to go? I don't know, she wouldn't say. I said something wrong. Now I long for yesterday.' The Beatles- Yesterday
‘So the Bible is actually a trilogy, and The Book of Mormon is Return of the Jedi? I’m interested!’ The Book of Mormon- All American Prophet 
‘We've only just begun to live, white lace and promises. A kiss for luck and we're on our way.’ The Carpenters- We’ve only just begun 
‘So much of life ahead. We’ll find a place where there’s room to grow.’ The Carpenters- We’ve only just begun
'So I try to laugh about it, cover it all up with lies. I try to laugh about it, hiding the tears in my eyes 'cause boys don't cry.' The Cure- Boys don't cry
‘Moving lips to breathe her name, I opened up my eyes and found myself alone. Alone, alone above a raging sea, that stole the only girl I loved and drowned her deep inside of me.’ The Cure- Just like heaven
‘You, soft and only you, lost and lonely you. Strange as angels, dancing in the deepest oceans, twisting in the water - You're just like a dream.’ The Cure- Just like heaven
'However far away, I will always love you. However long I stay, I will always love you. Whatever words I say, I will always love you.' The Cure- Lovesong
‘We look at each other wondering what the other is thinking, but we never say a thing.’ The Dave Matthews Band- Ants Marching 
‘You might say it's self-indulgent, and you might say it's self-destructive, but you see it's more productive than if I were to be happy.’  The Dresden Dolls- Bad habit 
‘I will never cry at night again; wrap my arms around him and pretend...’  The Dresden Dolls- Coin-Operated Boy 
‘Some of them want to use you, some of them want to get used by you. Some of them want to abuse you, some of them want to be abused.’ The Eurythmics- Sweet Dreams
‘There's magic everywhere, when you're young and in love.’ The Flying Pickets- When you’re young and in love
'There are certain people you just keep coming back to.’ The Fray- All at once
'Soften a bit until we all just get along.' The Fray- Over my head
‘Change came in disguised as revelation, set his soul on fire. She said she always knew he’d come around.’ The Killers- A Dustland Fairytale 
‘Promise me she’s not your world, 'cause Andy you're a star in nobody's eyes but mine.’ The Killers- Andy, you’re a star
'Be still, wild and young. Long may your innocence reign.' The Killers- Be Still
'Soon enough you'll be on your own, steady and straight. And if they drag you through the mud, it doesn't change what's in your blood.' The Killers- Be Still
'Don’t you wanna come with me? Don’t you wanna feel my bones on your bones? It's only natural.' The Killers- Bones
'I’ve been living in a fantasy, slip and slide, a head trip heaven. Self-denial: such a wonderful and powerful thing.' The Killers- Carry me home
‘All of the stars are wandering round tonight; we used to try them on. And sometimes I hear you, the galaxy sings your song - and tonight, I sing along.’ The Killers- Forget about what I said
‘Oh don't be shy, let's cause a scene, like lovers do on silver screens.' The Killers- Glamorous Indie Rock n Roll 
‘Make it up, break it up - what do you care? Oh, what do you care?’ The Killers- Glamorous Indie Rock and Roll
'Every time you fall and every time you try, every foolish dream and every compromise. Every word you spoke and everything you said, everything you left me rambles in my head.' The Killers- Goodnight, travel well
'Stay, don’t leave me! The stars can wait for your sign, don’t signal now.' The Killers- Goodnight, travel well
‘It’s quiet now; the universe is standing still. And there’s nothing I can say, there’s nothing we can do now.’ The Killers- Goodnight, travel well
'There's another world we're living in tonight, and there's another heart that's fading in the light.' The Killers- Here with me
'Spent the summer just laying out in the sun. Time seems to move so slow when you're taking it as it comes.' The Killers- Here with me
'Pay my respects to grace and virtue, send my condolences to good. Give my regards to soul and romance, they always did the best they could.' The Killers- Human 
‘The emotion, it was electric; and the stars, they all aligned.’ The Killers- I can’t stay
‘And I love you endlessly, (but) darling don’t you see? I’m not satisfied.’ The Killers- Leave the bourbon on the shelf
‘Console me in my darkest hour; convince me that the truth is always grey.’ The Killers- Losing touch
‘I took my baby’s breath beneath the chandelier of stars in atmosphere.’ The Killers- Midnight show
'It started out with a kiss, how did it end up like this? It was only a kiss, it was only a kiss.' The Killers- Mr Brightside
‘It’s all in my head but she’s touching his chest now, he takes off her dress now, let me go... I just can’t look, it’s killing me and taking control.’ The Killers- Mr Brightside
‘I don’t wanna be kept, I don't wanna be caged, I don’t wanna be damned- oh hell! Give me rolling hills so tonight can be the night that I stand among a thousand thrills.' The Killers- Neon Tiger
‘So turn it up, take me down from the wall, it doesn't matter 'cause you get what you want after all. And now you've shattered everything that we had, and you call me on occasion just to see how I am - I'm hanging in.’ The Killers- Replaceable
'You watched me die at least a thousand times, but it's great to hear you're doing fine.' The Killers- Replaceable
'You got to know that this is real baby, why you want to fight it? It’s the one thing we can choose.' The Killers- Runaways
‘Don't give up on me, ‘cause I'm just in a rut. I'm climbing, but the walls keep stacking up.’ The Killers- Rut
‘The sky is full of dreams, but you don’t know how to fly.’ The Killers- This is your life
‘Or should I just get along with myself? I never did get along with everybody else.’ The Killers- This river is wild 
‘You sit there in your heartache, waiting on some beautiful boy to save you from your old ways.’ The Killers- When you were young
‘He doesn’t look a thing like Jesus but he talks like a gentleman.’ The Killers- When you were young 
‘If I only knew the answer and if all our days our numbered, then why do I keep counting?’ The Killers- Why do I keep counting?
‘Turn my head with talk of summertime.’ The Phantom of the Opera- All I ask of you
'Nighttime sharpens, heightens each sensation. Darkness stirs and wakes imagination.' The Phantom of the Opera- The Music of the Night
‘Sing once again with me, our strange duet.’ The Phantom of the Opera- The Phantom of the opera 
'Flowers fade, the fruits of summers fade, they have their seasons, so do we. But please promise me that sometimes you will think of me.' The Phantom of the Opera- Think of Me
‘I’m the great pretender, pretending that I’m doing well. My need is such, I pretend too much. I’m lonely but no one can tell.’ The Platters- The great pretender 
'I'm gonna make you see there's nobody else here, no one like me. I'm special, so special. I gotta have some of your attention, give it to me!' The Pretenders- Brass in pocket
'Don't get me wrong if I'm acting so distracted. I'm thinking about the fireworks that go off when you smile.' The Pretenders- Don't get me wrong
'There's emptiness behind their eyes, there's dust in all their hearts. They just want to steal us all and take us all apart.' The Psychedelic Furs - Love My Way
‘There is another world; there is a better world - well, there must be.’ The Smiths- Asleep 
‘I was looking for a job, and then I found a job, and heaven knows I'm miserable now.’ The Smiths- Heaven knows I’m miserable now 
‘Why do I smile at people I’d much rather kick in the eye?’ The Smiths- Heaven knows I’m miserable now
‘You shut your mouth - how can you say I go about things the wrong way? I am human and I need to be loved, just like everybody else does.’ The Smiths- How soon is now 
‘There’s a club if you’d like to go? You could meet somebody who really loves you. So you go, and you stand on your own, and you leave on your own, and you go home, and you cry and you want to die.’ The Smiths- How soon is now 
‘If you're so funny, then why are you on your own tonight? And if you're so clever, then why are you on your own tonight? If you're so very entertaining, then why are you on your own tonight? If you're so very good-looking, why do you sleep alone tonight?’ The Smiths- I know it’s over
‘I would go out tonight, but I haven’t got a stitch to wear! This man said ‘It’s gruesome that someone so handsome should care’.’  The Smiths- This charming man 
‘I don't want a never ending life, I just want to be alive while I'm here.' The Strumbellas- Spirits
‘I been looking at the stars tonight, and I think, oh, how I miss that bright sun.’ The Strumbellas- Spirits
'Oh, reckless abandon, like no one's watching you.' The Temper Trap- Sweet disposition
‘This is the day, your life will surely change. This is the day, when things fall into place.’ The the- This is the day
'It's a bittersweet symphony this life. Trying to make ends meet, you're a slave to the money then you die.' The Verve- Bittersweet symphony
'When we fight, I try to make you laugh 'til everything's forgotten - I know you hate that.' The Wannadies- You and me song
'I pictured a rainbow; you held it in your hands. I had flashes, but you saw the plan.' The Waterboys- The whole of the moon
'You stretched for the stars.' The Waterboys- The whole of the moon
'I spoke about wings, you just flew. I wondered, I guessed, and I tried - you just knew.' The Waterboys- The whole of the moon
'You came like comet, blazing your trail. Too high, too far, too soon.' The Waterboys- The whole of the moon
'She turns and said 'Are you alright?' I said 'I must be fine ‘cause my heart’s still beating.’ The White Stripes- Fell in love with a girl
'I miss your ginger hair and the way you liked to dress.' The Zutons- Valerie
‘Well I woke this morning with a teardrop in my eye, because last night it felt like the best night of my life. Now there’s something that is wrong rotting my insides, and I don’t understand why my brain wants to die.’ The Zutons- It’s the little things we do
'I wish I could get back there, some place back there, smiling in the pictures you would take.' Third Eye Blind- Semi-charmed life
‘I have a picture pinned to my wall. An image of you and of me, and we're laughing and loving it all.’ Thompson Twins- Hold me now
‘You say I'm a dreamer, we're two of a kind. Both of us searching for some perfect world we know we'll never find.’ Thompson Twins- Hold me now
‘I'm stuck on your heart, I hang on every word you say.’ Tina Turner- The best
‘In your eyes I get lost, I get washed away.’ Tina Turner- The best
‘When you gonna make up your mind? When you gonna love you as much as I do?’ Tori Amos- Winter 
‘Are you lonely, looking for yourself out there?’ Train- Drops of Jupiter
‘Just driftwood, hollow and of no use. Waterfalls will find you, bind you, grind you.’ Travis- Driftwood 
'I'm sorry that you've turned to driftwood, but you've been drifting for a long, long time.' Travis- Driftwood
'We all live under the same sky, we all will live, we all will die. There is no wrong, there is no right. The circle only has one side.' Travis- Side
‘Kiss me on the mouth and set me free, but please don't bite.’ Troye Sivan- Bite
‘I'm vulnerable, so sad and alone. But don't cry for me, 'cause everyone knows you reap what you sow, my darling.’ Troye Sivan- Easy
'And my hopes, they are high - I must keep them small. Though I try to resist, I still want it all.' Troye Sivan- Fools
'You don't have to say, ‘I love you,’ to say I love you. Forget all the shooting stars and all the silver moons.' Troye Sivan- For him
‘Maybe our time has come, maybe we're overgrown. Even the sweetest plum has only got so long.’ Troye Sivan- Plum
‘The people danced to the sound of your heart. The world sang along to it falling apart.’ Troye Sivan- The good side
'You make my heart shake, bend and break, but I can't turn away.' Troye Sivan- Wild
‘I have run, I have crawled, I have scaled these city walls, these city walls, only to be with you. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for.’ U2- Still haven't found what I'm looking for
'If we weren't so alike, you'd like me a whole lot more.' U2- Sometimes you can't make it on your own
'You don't have to put up a fight. You don't have to always be right.' U2- Sometimes you can't make it on your own
‘I want to run, I want to hide, I want to tear down the walls that hold me inside.’ U2- Where the streets have no name
'I can't live with or without you.' U2- With or without you
‘And you give yourself away, and you give yourself away, and you give, and you give... and you give yourself away.’ U2- With or without you
‘Pretty green eyes, full of sparkle and such life.’ Ultrabeat- Pretty green eyes
‘I know dreams tend to crumble at extremes, I just thought our dream would last a little bit longer.’ Vampire Weekend- This life
‘You howl and listen, listen and wait for the echoes of angels who won't return.’ Vertical Horizon- Everything you wanted
‘A backless dress and some beat up sneaks, my discotheque Juliet teenage dream. I felt it in my chest as she looked at me. I knew we were bound to be together, bound to be together.’ Walk The Moon- Shut Up and Dance
‘Outside, the stars were the ceiling. We sang to the moon, then we danced underneath.’ Westlife- Dynamite
'I believe the children are our are future, teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside, give them a sense of pride to make it easier. Let the children's laughter remind us how we used to be.' Whitney Houston- The Greatest Love of all
'The greatest love of all is easy to achieve. Learning to love yourself, it is the greatest love of all.' Whitney Houston- The Greatest Love of all
'We were moving mountains long before we knew we could.' Whitney Houston & Mariah Carey- When you believe
‘Every cloud must have a silver lining; wait until the sun shines through.’ William Frawley- My melancholy baby
‘Some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs. And what’s wrong with that?’ Wings- Silly love songs
‘Love doesn’t come in a minute; sometimes it doesn’t come at all. I only know that when I’m in it, it isn’t silly, no, it isn’t silly. Love isn’t silly at all.’ Wings- Silly love songs
‘Nothing is anything without you.’ Wintersleep- Nothing is anything
‘Don't let it show, they'd call it weakness. Sadness is secret, 'cause boys don't cry.’ Years & Years- Don’t panic
'It's like thunder and lightning, you hurt me without trying.' Years & Years- If you're over me
‘You're Jekyll and Hyde-ing. Are you real or are you lying?’ Years & Years- If you’re over me
‘You tell everyone our love went cold. Going round, spreading the word it's over.’ Years & Years- If you’re over me
‘No, nothing for us would change. Same story, the same mistake. This heart just had to break.’ Years & Years- If you’re over me
'Just go if it's over, baby, if you're over me.' Years & Years- If you're over me
‘In the night you come to me, 'cause I'm the one who knows who you are.’ Years & Years- Sanctify
‘It’s you that I’ve been waiting to find.’ Years & Years- Shine
'Hold me together, tell me you'll always want me to stay.' Years & Years- Shine 
‘I dreamed of a life so big and tall, an escape from who I was.’ Years & Years- Up in flames
‘I’ll be fine, ‘cause when I die then I die loving you.’ Yellowcard- Dear Bobbie 
'I remember the look in your eyes when I told you that this was goodbye. You were begging me not tonight - not here, not now.' Yellowcard- Ocean avenue
‘If I left today, would you wait for me, or would you throw us all away?’ YUNGBLUD- Hope for the underrated youth
'Got called an alien for being myself; I ain't got the patience to be someone else.' YUNGBLUD- Hope for the underrated youth
‘I made friends with the dark parts that are inside of my mind.’ YUNGBLUD- Hope for the underrated youth
‘This is the Anthem, out to all the misfits. If you feel you don't belong, if you don't give a shit about authority, about majority, about conformity - Shout it out!’ Zebrahead- Anthem
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. (HP)
"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune." (Hagrid) (HP)
"Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do." (Hagrid about Dudley) (HP)
Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks? Might this not all be a huge joke that the Dursley's had cooked up? If Harry hadn't known that the Dursley's had no sense of humour, he might have thought so... (HP)
"I’m the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You could say I got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left – Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch. Now Percy’s a prefect. Fred and George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks they’re really funny. Everyone expects me to do as well as the others, but if I do, it’s no big deal, because they did it first." (Ron) (HP)
"Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford." (Draco) (HP)
"Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!" (Dumbledore) (HP)
"I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed - or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed." (Hermione) (HP)
The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban. (HP)
"I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid - we know we're called Gred and Forge." (George) (HP)
"It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest,  most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best of all of them." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore. "Another Christmas has come and gone and I didn’t get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books." (HP)
"You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Harry said. "The Sorting Hat chose you for Gryffindor, didn't it? And where's Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin." (Harry to Neville) (HP)
"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry," said Ron. "He's not exactly recent if he's six hundred and sixty-five, is he?" (HP)
"You know how I think they choose people for Gryffindor team?" said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See, there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money - you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains."  (HP)
"You're in luck, Weasley, Potter's obviously spotted some money on the ground!" (Draco) (HP)
"And I gave Malfoy a black eye and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single-handed! He's still out cold but Madame Pomfrey says he'll be alright-" (Ron) (HP)
"I tell you, that dragon is the most horrible creature I've ever met, but the way Hagrid goes about it you'd think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me, he told me off for frightening it. And when I left he was singing it a lullaby." (Ron) (HP)
"SO WHAT?" Harry shouted. "Don’t you understand? If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemort’s coming back! Haven’t you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There won’t be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! He’ll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn’t matter anymore, can’t you see? D’you think he’ll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the House Cup?" (Harry to Hermione) (HP)
"There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it." (Quirrell/Voldemort) (HP)
"What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally the whole school knows." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Alas! Ear wax!" (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Do I look stupid?" snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dangling from his bushy moustache. (HP)
"I’ll be in my room, making no noise and pretending I’m not there." (Harry) (HP)
"Yeah, I've seen those things they think are gnomes," said Ron, bent double with his head in a peony bush, "like fat little Santa Clauses with fishing rods."  (HP)
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron's, however, wasn't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul; it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him. (HP)
"...everyone thinks he's so smart, wonderful Potter with his scar and his broomstick-"     "You have told me this at least a dozen times already," said Mr. Malfoy, with a quelling look at his son.  (HP)
"Yes, yes, I know what you're thinking! 'He's an internationally famous wizard already!' But when I was twelve, I was just as much of a nobody as you are now. In fact, I'd say I was even more of a nobody! I mean, a few people have heard of you, haven't they? All that business with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named! I know, I know - it's not quite as good as winning Witch Weekly's Most-Charming-Smile Award five times in a row, as I have - but it's a start, Harry, it's a start!" (Gilderoy Lockhart) (HP)
"Gotta bone ter pick with yeh. I've heard you've bin givin' out signed photos. How come I haven't got one?" (Hagrid to Harry) (HP)
"Why have you outlined all Lockhart's lessons in little hearts?"(Ron to Hermione) (HP)
"Oh, Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done. You're killing off students, you think it's good fun." (Peeves) (HP)
"His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad, His hair is as dark as a blackboard. I wish he was mine, he’s really divine, The hero who conquered the Dark Lord." (Ginny's singing Valentine to Harry) (HP)
"Let's all throw books at Myrtle, because she can't feel it! Ten points if you can get it though her stomach! Fifty points if it goes through her head! Well, ha, ha, ha! What a lovely game, I don't think!" (Moaning Myrtle) (HP)
"Oh, well... I'd just been thinking... if you had died, you'd have been welcome to share my toilet," said Myrtle, blushing silver.  (Moaning Myrtle) (HP)
(After Harry's been greeted by Percy)   "Harry!" said Fred, elbowing Percy out of the way and bowing deeply. "Simply splendid to see you, old boy-"    "Marvellous," said George, pushing Fred aside and seizing Harry's hand in turn. "Absolutely spiffing."  (HP)
"We've got it. We're improving it." The badge now read, ‘Bighead Boy’. (Fred & George Weasley) (HP)
"Ah, of course. There is no need to tell me any more, Ms. Granger. Which one of you will be dying this year?" (McGonagall) (HP)
"You look in excellent health to me, Potter, so you will excuse me if I don't let you off homework today. I assure you that if you die, you need not hand it in." (McGonagall) (HP)
"The fates have informed me that your examination in June will concern the Orb, and I am anxious to give you sufficient practice."    Hermione snorted. "Well honestly... 'the fates have informed her'... Who sets the exam? She does!"  (HP)
"I don't need help," Ron whispered. "It's obvious what this means. There's going to be loads of fog tonight." (Ron crystal-ball gazing) (HP)
"Bad news, Harry. I've just been to see Professor McGonagall about the Firebolt. She – er got a bit shirty with me. Told me I'd got my priorities wrong. Seemed to think I cared more about winning the Cup than I do about staying alive. Just because I told her I didn't care if it threw you off, as long as you caught the Snitch first." (Oliver Wood) (HP)
"I did my waiting! Twelve years of it! In Azkaban!" (Sirius in the film) (HP)
Ron was staring at Pettigrew with the utmost revulsion. "I let you sleep in my bed!" he said. (HP)
"If you made a better rat than a human, it's not much to boast about, Peter." (Sirius to Pettigrew) (HP)
"THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED! DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS, AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU!" (Sirius to Pettigrew) (HP)
Dudley had done the thing he was threatening to do since age three: He had become wider than he was tall. (HP)
"You know your mother, Malfoy? The expression on her face - like she's got dung under her nose? Is she like that all the time or just because you were with her?" (Harry) (HP)
"I want to fix that in my memory forever. Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret..." (Ron) (HP)
As far as informing the headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore went during the summer holidays. He amused himself for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with his long silver beard, full-length wizard's robes, and pointed hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose. (HP)
"Your dark hair... your mean stature... tragic losses so young in life... I think I am right in saying, my dear, that you were born in midwinter?"     "No," said Harry, "I was born in July." (HP)
"It is Uranus, my dear," said Professor Trelawney peering down a the chart.    "Can I have a look at Uranus, too, Lavender?" (Ron) (HP)
"Aaaah," said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney's mystical whisper, "when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry..." (Ron) (HP)
He therefore had to endure over an hour of Professor Trelawney, who spent half the lesson telling everyone that the position of Mars with relation to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in July were in great danger of sudden, violent deaths. "Well, that's good," said Harry loudly, his temper getting the better of him, "just as long as it's not drawn out. I don't want to suffer." (HP)
"An excellent point," said Professor Dumbledore. "My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practising inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I'm not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery..." (HP)
"Just because it's taken you three years to notice, Ron, doesn't mean no one else has spotted I'm a girl!" (Hermione) (HP)
"Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he has enough human left in him to die." (Rubeus Hagrid) (HP)
"What we need," said Dumbledore slowly, and his light blue eyes moved from Harry to Hermione, "is more time." (HP)
"Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Do you mean ter tell me," he growled at the Dursleys, "that this boy—this boy!—knows nothin' abou'—about ANYTHING?"           Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after all, and his marks weren't bad.          "I know some things," he said. "I can, you know, do math and stuff." (Hagrid and Harry) (HP)
"Fine," snapped Mrs. Weasley. "Go naked. And, Harry, make sure you get a picture of him. Goodness knows I could do with a laugh." (Molly about Ron) (HP)
"...I took a wrong turn on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I had never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamberpots. When I went back to investigate more closely, I discovered that the room had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for it. Possibly it is only accessible at five thirty in the morning. Or it may only appear at the quarter moon - or when the seeker has an exceptionally full bladder." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"I don't know who Maxime thinks she's kidding. If Hagrid's half-giant, she definitely is. Big bones... the only thing that's got bigger bones than her is a dinosaur." (Harry) (HP)
"I told you not to annoy Rita Skeeter! She’s made you out to be some sort-of scarlet woman!" (Ron Weasley) (HP)
"Percy wouldn't recognise a joke if it danced naked in front of him wearing Dobby's tea cozy." (Ron) (HP)
"Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"This is night, Diddykins. That's what we call it when it goes all dark like this." (Harry to Dudley) (HP)
"You can't give a Dementor the old one-two!" (Harry) (HP)
"Don't put your wand there, boy!" roared Moody. "What if it ignited? Better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!" (HP)
"I'll look for him later, I expect I'll find him upstairs crying his eyes out over my mother's old bloomers or something... Of course, he might have crawled up into the airing cupboard and died... But I mustn't get my hopes up..." (Sirius about Kreacher) (HP)
"I don't believe it! I don't believe it! Oh, Ron, how wonderful! A prefect! That's everyone in the family!"     "What are Fred and I, next-door neighbours?" said George indignantly, as his mother pushed him aside and flung her arms around her youngest son. (HP)
Draco: "You see, I, unlike you, have been made a prefect, which means that I, unlike you, have the power to hand out punishments." "Yeah," said Harry, "but you, unlike me, are a git." (HP)
"Harry, don't go picking a row with Malfoy, don't forget, he's a prefect now, he could make life difficult for you..."    "Wow, I wonder what it'd be like to have a difficult life?" said Harry sarcastically.  (HP)
"Don't worry. You're just as sane as I am." (Luna to Harry) (HP)
"We both know there are other ways of destroying a man, Tom. Merely taking your life would not satisfy me." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"It is time for me to tell you what I should have told you five years ago, Harry. Please sit down. I am going to tell you everything." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"I acted exactly as Voldemort expects we fools who love to act." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Can we be called the Anti-Umbridge League?" (Angelina Johnson) (HP)
"It's lucky it's dark... I haven't blushed so much since Madame Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Are you quite sure you wouldn't like a cough drop, Dolores?" (McGonagall to Umbridge) (HP)
"The hats have gone," Hermione said happily. "Seems the house-elves do want freedom after all."     "I wouldn't bet on it," Ron told her cuttingly. "They might not count as clothes. They didn't look anything like hats to me, more like woolly bladders." (HP)
"Just because you've got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have." (Hermione) (HP)
"Well, it's just that you seem to be labouring under the delusion that I am going to - what is the phrase? - come quietly. I am afraid I am not going to come quietly at all, Cornelius." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"You know, Minister, I disagree with Dumbledore on many counts… but you cannot deny he's got style..." (Phineas Nigellus) (HP)
"Give her hell from us, Peeves." (Fred) (HP)
"Well, we were always going to fail that one," said Ron gloomily as they ascended the marble staircase. He had just made Harry feel rather better by telling him how he told the examiner in detail about the ugly man with a wart on his nose in the crystal ball, only to look up an realise he had been describing the examiner's reflection. (HP)
"Accio brain!" (Ron) (HP)
"You do not seek to kill me, Dumbledore? Above such brutality, are you?" (Voldemort, Harry Potter) (HP)
"Harry, suffering like this proves you are still a man! This pain is part of being human -"     "THEN - I - DON'T - WANT - TO - BE - HUMAN!" Harry roared. (Dumbledore & Harry) (HP)
"By all means continue destroying my possessions. I daresay I have too many." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Professor, why couldn't we just Apparate directly into your old colleague's house?"   "Because it would be quite as rude as kicking down the front door," said Dumbledore. (HP)
He seemed remarkably unabashed for a man who had just been discovered pretending to be an armchair. (HP)
"Oh, there you are, Albus," he said. "You've been a very long time. Upset stomach?"    "No, I was merely reading the Muggle magazines," said Dumbledore. "I do love knitting patterns."  (HP)
"Yeah, Zabini, because you’re so talented . . . at posing. . ." (Ginny) (HP)
"I enjoyed the meetings, too. It was like having friends." (Luna) (HP)
Snape: "Do you remember me telling you we are practising nonverbal spells, Potter?"    "Yes," said Harry stiffly.    "Yes, sir."    "There's no need to call me 'sir,' Professor." (HP)
"Is it true?" said Gaunt in a deadly voice, advancing a step or two toward the terrified girl. "My daughter – pure blooded descendant of Salazar Slytherin – hankering after a filthy, dirt-veined Muggle?" (Marvolo Gaunt) (HP)
"Just because he's never snogged anyone in his life, just because the best kiss he's ever had is from our Aunt Muriel-" (Ginny about Ron) (HP)
He had known Ginny for years now....It was natural that he should feel protective... natural that he should want to look out for her... want to rip Dean limb from limb for kissing her... No... he would have to control that particular brotherly feeling... (Harry) (HP)
Harry, however, had never been less interested in Quidditch; he was rapidly becoming obsessed with Draco Malfoy. (HP)
"You'd better hurry up, they'll be waiting for 'the Chosen Captain'-- 'The Boy Who Scored'-- whatever they call you these days." (Draco to Harry) (HP)
"Nobody's ever asked me to a party before, as a friend! Is that why you dyed your eyebrow, for the party? Should I do mine, too?" (Luna to Harry) (HP)
Harry was left to ponder in silence the depths to which girls would sink to get revenge. (HP)
"The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. They're working from within to bring down the Ministry of Magic using a combination of Dark magic and gum disease." (Luna) (HP)
Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as he pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied, painted gold, stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to its back, it glowered down at them all, the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet. (HP)
"Please, come in, sit down, Minister!" fluttered Mrs Weasley, straightening her hat. "Have a little purkey, or some tooding… I mean-"
"…You seem cleverer than Fudge, so I'd have thought you'd have learned from his mistakes. He tried interfering at Hogwarts. You might have noticed that he's not Minister any more, but Dumbledore's still Headmaster. I'd leave Dumbledore alone if I were you." (Harry to Scrimgeor) (HP)
"Harry Potter!" bellowed Hagrid, slopping some of his fourteenth bucket of wine down his chin as he drained it.    "Yes, indeed," cried Slughorn a little thickly. "Parry Otter, the Chosen Boy Who - well - something of that sort," he mumbled, and drained his mug too. (HP)
Harry looked around; there was Ginny running towards him; she had a hard, blazing look in her face as she threw her arms around him. And without thinking, without planning it, without worrying about the fact that fifty people were watching, Harry kissed her. Hermione was beaming, but Harry's eyes sought Ron. At last he found him, still clutching the Cup and wearing an expression appropriate to having been clubbed over the head. For a fraction of a second they looked at each other, then Ron gave a tiny jerk of the head that Harry understood to mean, ‘Well - if you must.’  (HP)
"I am not worried, Harry. I am with you." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Kill me then," panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, but only rage and contempt. "Kill me like you killed him, you coward-" "DON’T-" screamed Snape, and his face was suddenly demented, inhuman, as though he was in as much pain as the yelping, howling dog stuck in the house behind them- "CALL ME A COWARD!" (HP)
"You said to us once before," said Hermione quietly, "that there was time to turn back if we wanted to. We’ve had time, haven’t we?" (HP) 
"I never really gave up on you. Not really. I always hoped. . ." (Ginny to Harry) (HP)
Madame Delacour glided forwards and stooped to kiss Mrs Weasley too.   "Enchantée" she said. "Your ‘usband ‘as been telling us such amusing stories!"   Mr Weasley gave a maniacal laugh; Mrs Weasley threw him a look, upon which he became immediately silent and assumed an expression appropriate to the sickbed of a close friend. (HP)
"Ron, you know full well Harry and I were brought up by Muggles!" said Hermione.    "We didn't hear stories like that when we were little, we heard ‘Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs’ and 'Cinderella'."    "What's that, an illness?" asked Ron. (Harry Potter) (HP)
"What are you doing with all those books anyway?" Ron asked.    "Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," said Hermione. "When we're looking for the Horcruxes."    "Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library."  (HP)
"Our Headmaster is taking a short break," said Professor McGonagall, pointing at the Snape-shaped hole in the window. (HP)
There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione's arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet.     "Is this the moment?" Harry asked weakly, and then when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice.   "OI! There's a war going on here!" (HP)
From the tip of his wand burst the silver doe. She landed on floor, bounded once across the office, and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears. "After all this time?"     "Always," said Snape. (HP)
Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the dusty carpet of where he had once thought he was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that he was not supposed to survive. (Harry) (HP)
Hogwarts was the first and best home he had known. He and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here. (Harry) (HP)
Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on his face, was so precious: To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and he was clinging to each second. (Harry) (HP)
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all, those who live without love." (Dumbledore) (HP)
"Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?" (Dumbledore) (HP)
"I'll join you when hell freezes over! Dumbledore's Amy!" (Neville to Voldemort) (HP)
"Not my daughter, you bitch!" (Molly Weasley to Bellatrix Lestrange) (HP)
"We did it, we bashed them, wee Potter's the one. And Voldy's gone mouldy, so now let's have fun!" (Peeves) (HP)
"Why are they all staring?" demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students.     "Don't let it worry you," said Ron. "It's me. I'm extremely famous." (HP)
"Albus Severus, you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew." (Harry) (HP)
"Most of the time, I think you have to make a choice - at a certain point - of the man you want to be. And I will tell you at that time you need a parent or a friend. And if you've learnt to hate your parents by then and you have no friends... then you're all alone. And being alone - that's so hard." (Draco Malfoy; Harry Potter and the Cursed Child) (HP)
"So you’re telling me that the whole of history rests on... Neville Longbottom? This is pretty wild." (Ron Weasley; Harry Potter and the Cursed Child) (HP)
Scorpius: "We send a memory - like a Pensieve - stand over him and send a message, hope he reaches for the memory at exactly the right moment. I mean, it’s unlikely, but... Stand over the baby - and just repeatedly shout HELP. HELP. HELP. I mean, it might traumatise the baby slightly."     Albus-Severus: "Only slightly."  (Harry Potter and the Cursed Child) (HP)
District Twelve. Where you can starve to death in safety. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"Once it’s in the soup, I’ll call it beef." (Greasy Sae; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" (Effie Trinket; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
To this day, I can never shake the connection between this boy, Peeta Mellark, and the bread that gave me hope and the dandelion that reminded me that I was not doomed. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"You know, now that we’ve gotten rid of all the hair and filth, you’re not horrible at all!" (Flavius; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"With all that alcohol in him, it’s probably not advisable to have him around an open flame." (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"I’m sure the arena will be full of bags of flour for me to chuck at people." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"I wasn’t trying to kill one of them. If I were, they’d be dead!" (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"Really, is anything less impressive than watching a person pick up a heavy ball and throw it a couple of yards. One almost landed on my foot." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"Only I keep wishing I could think of a way to... to show the Capitol they don’t own me. That I’m more than just a piece in their Games." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"Remember, we’re madly in love, so it’s all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"The bread? What? From when we were kids? I think we can let that go, I mean you just brought me back from the dead." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"I remember everything about you. You’re the one who wasn’t paying attention." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
Because if he dies, I’ll never go home, not really. I’ll spend the rest of my life in this arena trying to think my way out. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- The Hunger Games)
"Look if you wanted to be babied, you should have asked Peeta." (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
Just the sound of his voice twists my stomach into a knot of unpleasant emotions like guilt, sadness and fear. And longing. I might as well admit there’s some of that too. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"I have a problem, Miss Everdeen. A problem that began the moment you pulled out those poisonous berries in the arena." (President Snow; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"Katniss Everdeen, the girl who was on fire, you have provided a spark, that left unattended, may grow into an inferno that destroys Panem." (President Snow; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"Isn’t it strange that I know you’d risk your life to save mine... but I don’t know what your favourite colour is?" (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
Every person in the crowd presses the three middle fingers of their left hand against their lips and extends them to me. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
But every night I let him into my bed. We manage the darkness as we did in the arena, wrapped in each other’s arms, guarding against dangers that can descend at any moment. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"My nightmares are usually about losing you." he says. "I'm okay once I realise you're here." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
I really can’t think about kissing when I’ve got a rebellion to incite. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"Stay with me." As the tendrils of sleep syrup pull me down, I hear him whisper a word back, but I don’t quite catch it. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him you know." (Haymitch Abernathy; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
I hear the glass bottle shatter on the floor. This seems appropriate since I have obviously lost my grip on everything. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"Want a sugar cube?" (Finnick Odair; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
I look up into those blue eyes that no amount of dramatic makeup can make truly deadly and remember how, just a year ago, I was prepared to kill him. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"Actually I painted a picture of Rue. How she looked after Katniss has covered her in flowers... I just wanted to hold them accountable, if only for a moment. For killing that little girl." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"You know, I think this is the first time we’ve ever done anything normal together." (Peeta Meelark; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now, and live in it forever." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"Poor Finnick. Is this the first time in your life you haven’t looked pretty?" (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"They can’t hurt me. I’m not like the rest of you. There’s no one left I love." (Johanna Mason; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"If you die, and I live, there’s no life for me at all back in District Twelve. You’re my whole life. I would never be happy again." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
"No one really needs me."...  I realise only one person will be damaged beyond repair if Peeta dies. Me.     "I do. I need you." (Peeta & Katniss; Suzanne Collins- Catching Fire)
I squeeze my eyes shut and try to reach for him across the hundreds and hundreds of miles, to send my thoughts into his mind, to let him know he is not alone. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"Finnick?" I say, "Maybe some pants?"    He looks down at his legs as if noticing his outfit for the first time. Then he whips off his hospital gown leaving him in just his underwear.    "Why? Do you find this" -- he strikes a ridiculously provocative pose -- "distracting?" (Katniss & Finnick; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"Well, don’t expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear." (Boggs; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
Frankly, our ancestors don’t seem much to brag about. I mean, look at the state they left us in, with the wars and broken planet. Clearly, they didn’t care about what would happen to the people who came after them. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!" (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart." (Finnick Odair; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"I must have loved you a lot." (Peeta Mellark; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"You’re a painter. You’re a baker. You like to sleep with the windows open. You never take sugar in your tea. And you always double-knot your shoelaces." (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"You’re still trying to protect me. Real or Not Real?" "Real. Because that’s what you and I do. Protect each other." (Katniss & Peeta; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"We’re fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction." (Haymitch Abernathy; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"She’s dead, you stupid cat. She’s dead." (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
What I need to survive is not Gale’s fire, kindled with rage and hatred. I have plenty of fire myself. What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again. And only Peeta can give me that. (Katniss Everdeen; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
"You love me, Real or not Real?" "Real." (Katniss & Peeta; Suzanne Collins- Mockingjay)
You have to stay in shape. My grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60. She's 97 today and we don't know where the hell she is.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I mean, life is tough. It takes up a lot of your time. What do you get at the end of it? A death. What's that, a bonus? I think the life cycle is all backwards. You should die first; get it out of the way. Then you live in an old age home. You get kicked out when you're too young, you get a gold watch and you go to work. You work forty years until you're young enough to enjoy your retirement. You do drugs, alcohol, you party, you get ready for high school. You go to grade school, you become a kid, you play, you have no responsibilities. You become a little baby, you go back into the womb, spend your last nine months floating - and you finish off as an orgasm.
Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
Evening news: Where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Don't judge a book by its movie.
When people say, ‘I’m so tired it's not even funny’ or ‘my head hurts so much it's not even funny’, why would it even be funny in the first place?
When French people swear, do they say pardon my English?
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
Time is too precious to be sacrificed in wasted days combating the menial forces of hate, jealousy, and envy.
Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes just be an illusion.
It is remarkable how similar the pattern of love is to the pattern of insanity.
There's that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through the moments where you should've been paying attention. Well, get used to that feeling. That's how your whole life will feel some day.
Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
If death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character; Would you slow down? Or speed up?
Once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.
A line is a dot that went for a walk.
Everyone harbours a secret hatred for the prettiest girl in the room.
Don’t ever run after a bus,or a man. There will always be another one.
Be who you are and say what you feel. Because those that matter don’t mind, and those that mind don’t matter.
I want to be remembered as the girl who always smiles even when her heart is broken, and the one who could always brighten up your day even if she couldn’t brighten up her own.
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Adolescence is that time when I think it's the cruellest place on Earth. It can really be heartless.
Your modern teenager is not about to listen to advice from an old person, defined as a person who remembers when there was no Velcro.
You can only be young once, but can always be immature.
It always rains on tents. Rainstorms will travel thousands of miles, against prevailing winds, for the opportunity to rain on a tent.
You've changed so much. I guess that's what happens. I wish you knew how much you changed me. I wonder if I changed you, if your life is different because of me. Because mine's different. My God, you taught me so much, and now we don't even talk to each other. I guess that's what happens.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
Laughter through tears is my favourite emotion.
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts.
Madness is to think of too many things in succession too fast; or of one thing too exclusively.
When you were born, everyone around you was smiling and you were crying. Live your life so that when you die, you're smiling and everyone around you is crying.
The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them.
We can orbit the earth, we can touch the moon, but this society has not devised a way for two people to live together in harmony for seven straight days without wanting to strangle each other.
Loving can cost a lot but not loving always costs more, and those who fear to love often find that want of love is an emptiness that robs the joy from life.
What marks the artist is his power to shape the material of pain we all have. (Lionel Trilling)
It is better to be hated for who you are, than to be loved for someone you are not.
Love sees sharply, hatred sees even more sharp, but jealousy sees the sharpest for it is love and hate at the same time.
If you can't answer a man's arguments, all is not lost; you can still call him vile names.
While those who speak about one’s miseries usually hurt, those who keep silent hurt more.
Loving is a feeling that brings both joy and pain to my heart. Joy from being with you, being filled with an emotion so deep and tender that no other feeling can compare. Pain from knowing that I'm so in love, that I'm more vulnerable than ever.
Some people wear their smile like a disguise. Those people, who smile a lot, watch their eyes. I know 'cause I'm like that a lot. You think everything's ok, and it is . . . 'til it's not.
Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn.
Love comes when manipulation stops; when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you. When you dare to reveal yourself fully. When you dare to be vulnerable.
The worst thing about getting your heart broken is going to sleep and knowing you're going to wake up and nothing has changed.
I’m going to smile and make you think I’m happy, I’m going to laugh, so you don’t see me cry, I’m going to let you go in style, and even if it kills me- I’m going to smile.
Some emotions don't make a lot of noise. It's hard to hear pride. Caring is real faint - like a heartbeat. And pure love - why, some days it's so quiet, you don't even know it's there.
Jealousy is the most dreadfully involuntary of all sins.
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.
Smile! It confuses people.
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
Who gossips with you, will gossip of you.
If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.
For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it. For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it. For every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it.
A true friend stabs you in the front.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Treat a man as he is, and he will remain as he is. Treat a man as he could be, and he will become what he should be.
Friends aren't jumper cables. You don't throw them into the trunk and pull them out for emergencies.
Love your enemies just in case your friends turn out to be bastards.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird; and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness - and call it love.
A friend is someone who will help you move. A real friend is someone who will help you move a body.
Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference.
I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the lunch was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality.
A wise man, recognising that the world is but an illusion, does not act as if it is real, so he escapes the suffering.
In her first passion, a woman loves her lover; in all the others all she loves is love.
Never ruin an apology with an excuse.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Do we really know anybody? Who does not wear one face to hide another?
Sitting there wedged between my dream girl and my significant other, one thought kept rolling back and forth through my mind: 'Dear God, what have I done?’
You're still in love with her. Some part of you will always be in love with her. I can't compete with that.
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
Loneliness is about the scariest thing out there.
I just broke up with someone and the last thing they said to me was ‘You'll never find anyone like me again!’ I'm thinking, ‘I should hope not! If I don't want you, why would I want someone like you?’
Dreams permit each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives.
If two past lovers can remain friends, either they never were in love or they still are.
Most people love you for who you pretend to be; to keep their love, you keep pretending--performing. You get to love your pretence, it's true; we're locked in an image, an act.    And, the sad thing is, people get so used to their image, that they grow attached to their masks. They love their chains. They forget all about who they really are. And, if you try to remind them, they hate you for it. (Jim Morrison)
Sometimes I wonder if anything's absolute anymore. Is there still right and wrong? Good and bad? Truth and lies? Or is everything negotiable; left to interpretation; grey. Sometimes we're forced to bend the truth, transform it, ‘cause we're faced with things that are not of our own making. And sometimes things simply catch up to us. (One Tree Hill)
Truth is still absolute. Believe that. Even when that truth is hard and cold, and more painful than you've ever imagined. And even when truth is even crueller than any lie. (One Tree Hill)
Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. (Nathaniel Hawthorne)
Sometimes I lie awake at night, and ask, 'Where have I gone wrong?' Then a voice says to me, 'This is going to take more than one night.'
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
‘It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like "What about lunch?’ (A.A Milne)
I've been making a list of the things they don't teach you at school. They don't teach you how to love somebody. They don't teach you how to walk away from someone you don't love any longer. They don't teach you how to know what's going on in someone else's mind. They don't teach you what to say to someone who's dying. They don't teach you anything worth knowing. (Neil Gaiman)
‘Hurting people often hurt other people as a result of their own pain. If somebody is rude and inconsiderate, you can almost be certain that they have some unresolved issues inside.’ (Joel Osteen)
‘This life is just a balloon - that if you wanted to, you could pop, but you never would ‘cause you’d never want it to stop.’ (Andrea Gibson)
‘Anybody can become angry - that is easy. But to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.’ (Aristotle)
"You know what the trouble about real life is? There's no danger music." (Chip; The Cable Guy film)
It's very dangerous to wave to someone you don't know, because what if they don't have a hand? They'll think you're cocky. 'Look what I got... This thing is useful. I'm gonna go pick something up'.’ (Mitch Hedberg)
"Now you know there was a man named Jack Dawson and that he saved me in every way a person can be saved. I don’t even have a picture of him. He exists now… only in my memory." (Rose; Titanic)
"I bet you've had a hard time walking into a room full of people on your own, right? Yeah. I know that. I know what it is, not to feel like you're in the room, until he looks at you or touches your hand or even makes a joke at your expense, just to let everyone know - you're with him. You're his." (Patricia; P.S. I Love You film)
"This wonderful man happens to me and then, and then he died! What was the point? I’m so angry I could kill somebody. I’m alone, and it doesn’t matter what job I have or what I do or what I don’t do or what friends I have, he’s not here. I mean, you’re alone no matter what." (Holly; P.S. I Love You film)
"Don’t be thinking of me, because even your fantasy of me isn’t interested in you." (Brooke; One Tree Hill)
"Yes, I know that love is unconditional. But I also know that it can be unpredictable, unexpected, uncontrollable, unbearable and strangely easy to mistake for loathing, and... What I'm trying to say, Tristan is, I think I love you. Is this love, Tristan? I never imagined I'd know it for myself. My heart - it feels like my chest can barely contain it. Like it's trying to escape because it doesn't belong to me any more. It belongs to you. And if you wanted it, I'd wish for nothing in exchange - no gifts. No goods. No demonstrations of devotion. Nothing but knowing you loved me too. Just your heart, in exchange for mine." (Yvaine; Stardust film)
"Count your blessings, Lizzie. If he liked you, you'd have to talk to him." (Charlotte Lucas; Pride and Prejudice 2005 film)
Jane: "Mr Bingley is just what a young man ought to be. Sensible, good humoured..." Elizabeth: "Handsome, conveniently rich." (Pride and Prejudice 2005 film)
"What excellent boiled potatoes. It's been many years since I had such an exemplary vegetable." (Mr Collins; Pride and Prejudice 2005 film)
Mr Darcy: "Miss Elizabeth. I have struggled in vain and I can bear it no longer. These past months have been a torment. I came to Rosings with the single object of seeing you... I had to see you. I have fought against my better judgement, my family's expectations, the inferiority of your birth by rank and circumstance. All these things I am willing to put aside and ask you to end my agony." Elizabeth: "I don't understand." Mr Darcy: "I love you. Most ardently." (Pride and Prejudice 2005 film)
Elizabeth: "Your unfortunate brother once had to put up with my playing for a whole evening." Georgiana Darcy: "But he says you play so well!" Elizabeth: ‘Then he has perjured himself most profoundly.’ Mr. Darcy: "No I said, played ‘quite well."      Elizabeth: "Oh, ‘quite well’ is not ‘very well.’ I'm satisfied." (Pride and Prejudice 2005 film)
"The best moments in reading are when you come across something - a thought, a feeling, a way of looking at things - that you'd thought special, particular to you. And here it is, set down by someone else, a person you've never met, maybe even someone long dead. And it's as if a hand has come out, and taken yours." (Hector; Alan Bennett, The History Boys)
"History is a commentary on the various and continuing incapabilities of men." (Mrs Lintott; Alan Bennett, The History Boys)
"How do I define history? It's just one fucking thing after another." (Rudge; Alan Bennett, The History Boys)
"The more you read, though, the more you'll see that literature is actually about losers." (Dakin; Alan Bennett, The History Boys)
In your life, you meet people. Some you never think about again. Some, you wonder what happened to them. There are some that you wonder if they ever think about you. And then there are some you wish you never had to think about again. But you do. (C.S. Lewis)
" ‘Made with care for Randy.’ Randy Giles? Why not just call me ‘Horny Giles’ or ‘Desperate-for-a-shag Giles’?" (Spike; Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
‘Passion is the source of our finest moments. The joy of love, the clarity of hatred, and the ecstasy of grief. It hurts sometimes more than we can bear. If we could live without passion maybe we'd know some kind of peace, but we would be hollow - without passion we'd be truly dead.’ (Angel; Buffy The Vampire Slayer)
‘You ever looked at a picture of yourself, and see a stranger in the background? It makes you wonder how many strangers have pictures of you.’ (Lucas; One Tree Hill)
‘We both stopped talking. Part of his sleeve was touching my arm; I don't know if he knew. Then everything started to seem perfect for some reason. The feel of his shirt against my elbow, the fact that I still had an elbow - it was the perfect moment for him to kiss me, for him to anything me.’ (Angela; My So-Called Life)
"I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone." (Arwen; The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring film)
"I came here tonight because when you realise you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible." (Harry; When Harry Met Sally)
"I would rather fight beside you than any army of thousands! Let no man forget how menacing we are. We are lions! Do you know what's there waiting beyond that beach? Immortality! Take it, it's yours!" (Achilles; Troy film)
"You will never age for me, nor fade, nor die." (William Shakespeare; Shakespeare in Love)
"I wish I knew how to quit you." (Jack; Brokeback Mountain movie)
Karen: "If you're from Africa, why are you white?" Gretchen: "Oh my God, Karen, you can't just ask people why they're white."      (Mean Girls)
Student: "Nice wig, Janis. What's it made of?" Janis: "Your mom's chest hair!" (Mean Girls)
Student: "I wish we could all get along like we used to in middle school. I wish I could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy." Damian: "She doesn't even go here!" Ms. Norbury: "Do you even go to this school?"    Student: "No, I just have a lot of feelings." (Mean Girls)
"You are not special. You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake. You're the same decaying organic matter as everything else."           (Tyler, Fight Club film)
Howard: "So alone, wind my only friend." Wind: "I hate you...." (The Mighty Boosh)
The Spirit of Jazz: "Ow! My hat's on fire! What's wrong with you? You blind? Why didn't ya tell me?" Howard: "Sorry, I thought that was your look." (The Mighty Boosh)
Naboo: "This is black magic. This is hardcore. Don't mess with the occult." Vince: "I thought it was good for you." Naboo: "What?" Vince: "Well, you know, good for your digestive system." Naboo: "That's Yakult!" (The Mighty Boosh)
Howard: "Just imagine the headlines 'Howard Moon, colon, Explorer'. Got a ring to that don't it?"  Vince: "Colon Explorer? I think that's got the wrong ring to it." (The Mighty Boosh)
Howard: "I can't believe you're saying that. What about the animals?" Vince: "Fuck the animals! They're all a bunch of wankers!"     (The Mighty Boosh)
"You're about as edgy as a satsuma." (Vince to Howard, The Mighty Boosh)
Vince: "It takes about ninety mink just to make a small ladies glove." Howard: "That's 'cause they're really crap at sewing."            (The Mighty Boosh)
Dixon Bainbridge: "Make something up you prick, tell them he got eaten by the python." Bob Fossil: "The who?" Dixon Bainbridge: "The windey man, the long mover!" (The Mighty Boosh)
Brad: "Hi! My name is Brad Majors, and this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss. I wonder if you'd mind helping us. You see, our car broke down a few miles up the road. Do you have a phone we might use?" Riff Raff: "You're wet." Janet: "Yes, it's raining." Brad: "Yes." Riff Raff: "Yesss..." (The Rocky Horror Picture Show)
"It's not easy having a good time! Even smiling makes my face ache." (Dr Frankenfurter; The Rocky Horror Picture Show)
"If you find yourself in a confusing situation, simply laugh knowingly and walk away." (Taxi film)
Elizabeth: "Captain Barbossa , I am here to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal." Barbossa: "There are a lot of long words in there, Miss; we're naught but humble pirates. What is it that you want?" Elizabeth: "I want you to leave and never come back." Barbossa: "I'm disinclined to acquiesce to your request. Means 'no'." (Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl)
Barbossa: "For too long I've been parched of thirst and unable to quench it. Too long I've been starving to death and haven't died. I feel nothing. Not the wind on my face nor the spray of the sea. Nor the warmth of a woman's flesh." [steps into moonlight becoming a skeleton] "You best start believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner - you're in one!" (Barbossa; Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl)
Elizabeth: "So that's it, then? That's the secret, grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow. You spent three days lying on a beach, drinking rum." Jack Sparrow: "Welcome to the Caribbean, love." (Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl)
Will Turner: "Where's Elizabeth?" Jack Sparrow: "She's safe, just like I promised. She's all set to marry Norrington, just like she promised. And you get to die for her, just like you promised. So we're all men of our word really - except for, of course, Elizabeth, who is in fact, a woman." (Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl)
Vincent: "You know what they call a Quarter Pounder with Cheese in Paris?" Jules: "They don't call it a Quarter Pounder with cheese?" Vincent: "No man, they got the metric system. They wouldn't know what the fuck a Quarter Pounder is." Jules: "Then what do they call it?" Vincent: "They call it a Royale with cheese." Jules: "A Royale with cheese. What do they call a Big Mac?" Vincent: "Well, a Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call it le Big-Mac." Jules: "Le Big-Mac. Ha ha ha ha. What do they call a Whopper?" Vincent: "I dunno, I didn't go into Burger King." (Pulp Fiction)
Honey Bunny: "I love you, Pumpkin." Pumpkin: "I love you, Honey Bunny."  Pumpkin: [Standing up with a gun] "All right, everybody be cool, this is a robbery!" Honey Bunny: "Any of you fucking pricks move, and I'll execute every motherfucking last one of ya!" (Pulp Fiction)
"The way your dad looked at it, this watch was your birthright. He'd be damned if any slopes gonna put their greasy yellow hands on his boy's birthright, so he hid it, in the one place he knew he could hide something: his ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. Then when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. I hid this uncomfortable piece of metal up my ass for two years. Then, after seven years, I was sent home to my family. And now, little man, I give the watch to you." (Pulp Fiction)
Pumpkin: "Nobody ever robs restaurants. Bars, liquor stores, gas stations... you get your head blown off sticking up one of them. Restaurants on the other hand, you catch with their pants down. They're not expecting to get robbed. Not as expectant anyway." Yolanda: "I bet you could cut down on the hero factor in a place like this." Pumpkin: "Right, just like banks, these places are insured. Manager? He don't give a fuck. He just wants to get you out the door before you start plugging the diners. Waitresses? Fucking forget it! No way they're taking a bullet for the register. Busboys? Some wetback getting paid a dollar-fifty an hour, really give a fuck you're stealing from the owner? See, I got the idea, last liquor store we held up, all the customers kept coming in? And you got the idea of taking their wallets. Now that was a good idea." Yolanda: "Thank you." Pumpkin: "Made more from the wallets than we did from the register." Yolanda: "Yes, we did." Pumpkin: "A lot of customers come into a restaurant." Yolanda: "A lot of wallets."(Pulp Fiction)
"That must be Nigel with the brie!" (Bogey Lowenstien; 10 Things I Hate About You)
"I hate the way you talk to me, and the way you cut your hair. I hate the way you drive my car. I hate it when you stare. I hate your big dumb combat boots, and the way you read my mind. I hate you so much it makes me sick; it even makes me rhyme. I hate it, I hate the way you're always right. I hate it when you lie. I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry. I hate it when you're not around, and the fact that you didn't call. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you. Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all." (Kat Stratford; 10 Things I Hate About You)
"You don't buy black lingerie unless you want someone to see it." (Bianca Stratford; 10 Things I Hate About You)
"Jesus, I mean, you guys do nothing but complain about how you can't stand it in this place here and you don't have the guts just to walk out? What do you think you are, for Christ's sake, crazy or somethin'? Well you're not! You're not! You're no crazier than the average asshole out walking around on the streets and that's it." (McMurphy; One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest film)
"Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi; you're my only hope." (Princess Leia Organa; Star Wars: A New Hope)
"The force is strong with this one." (Darth Vader; Star Wars: A New Hope)
"Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering." (Yoda; Star Wars: The Phantom Menace)
"Oh yes, the past can hurt. But from the way I see it, you can either run from it - or learn from it." (Rafiki; The Lion King)
Mufasa: "Everything you see exists together in a delicate balance. As king, you need to understand that balance and respect all the creatures, from the crawling ant to the leaping antelope." Simba: "But, Dad, don't we eat the antelope?" Mufasa: "Yes, Simba, but let me explain. When we die, our bodies become the grass, and the antelope eat the grass. And so we are all connected in the great Circle of Life." (The Lion King)
"I am a nice shark, not a mindless eating machine. If I am to change this image, I must first change myself. Fish are friends, not food." (Bruce; Finding Nemo)
"I am finished doing what I swore an oath to God 28 years ago to never do again. I've created, 'something that kills people.' And in that purpose, I was a success. I've done this because, philosophically, I am sympathetic to your aim. I can tell you with no ego, this is my finest sword. If on your journey, you should encounter God, God will be cut." (Hattori Hanzo, Kill Bill Vol. 1)
Donnie: "Why are you wearing that stupid bunny suit?" Frank: "Why are you wearing that stupid man suit?" (Donnie Darko)
Gretchen: "My mom had to get a restraining order against my stepdad. He has emotional problems." Donnie: "Oh, I have those, too. What kind of emotional problems does your dad have?" Gretchen: "He stabbed my mom four times in the chest." Donnie: "Oh." (Donnie Darko)
"This famous linguist once said that of all the phrases in the English language, of all the endless combinations of words in all of history, that "cellar door" is the most beautiful." (Karen; Donnie Darko)
Sean: "That's some good shit, huh?" Donnie: "It's a fucking cigarette." (Donnie Darko)
"Sometimes I doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion." (Kitty; Donnie Darko)
Donnie: "I made a new friend."  Therapist: "Real or imaginary?" Donnie: "Imaginary." (Donnie Darko)
Donnie: [discussing his parents during hypnosis] "They didn't buy me what I wanted for Christmas." Therapist: "What did you want for Christmas that year?"  Donnie: 'Hungry, Hungry Hippos.' Therapist: "And how did you feel, being denied these Hungry, Hungry Hippos?" Donnie: "Regret." (Donnie Darko)
Therapist: "Has he ever told you about his friend, Frank?" Rose Darko: "Frank?" Therapist: "Yes, the giant bunny rabbit." Edward Darko: "The what?" Rose Darko: "I don't recall him ever having mentioned a rabbit." (Donnie Darko)
"It's not right for a woman to read. Soon she starts getting ideas and thinking." (Gaston; Beauty and the Beast)
"This is yet another example of the late neoclassic Baroque period. And, as I always say, 'If it's not Baroque, don't fix it!'." (Cogsworth; Beauty and the Beast)
By now, all’s wrong. In everyone there sleeps a sense of life lived according to love. To some it means the difference they could have made by loving others, but across most it sweeps as all they might have done had they been loved. That nothing cures. (Philip Larkin- Faith Healing)
Think of being them, turning over their failures by some bed of lobelias, nowhere to go but indoors. (Philip Larkin- Toads Revisited)
Something is pushing them to the sides of their own lives. (Philip Larkin- Afternoons)
The stone fidelity they hardly meant has come to be their final blazon, and to prove our almost instinct almost true: what will survive of us is love. (Philip Larkin- An Arundel Tomb)
On me your voice falls as they say love should, like an enormous yes. (Philip Larkin- For Sidney Bechet)
"This is the very ecstasy of love." (Polonius; William Shakespeare- Hamlet)
"If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?" (Shylock; William Shakespeare- Merchant of Venice)
"I hold the world but as the world, Gratiano, A stage, where every man must play a part; And mine a sad one." (Antonio; William Shakespeare- Merchant of Venice)
"Gratiano speak an infinite deal of nothing." (Bassanio; William Shakespeare- Merchant of Venice)
"How bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man's eyes!" (Orlando; William Shakespeare- As You Like It)
'Two households, both alike in dignity, in fair Verona, where we lay our scene. From ancient grudge break to new mutiny, where civil blood makes civil hands unclean. From forth the fatal loins of these two foes, a pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life; whose misadventured piteous overthrows do with their death bury their parents' strife.' (William Shakespeare- Romeo & Juliet)
“Good night, good night! parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.” (Juliet; William Shakespeare- Romeo & Juliet)
"Then I defy you, stars." (Romeo; William Shakespeare- Romeo & Juliet)
“For never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo.” (The Prince; William Shakespeare- Romeo & Juliet)
"There’s small choice in rotten apples." (Hortensio; William Shakespeare- The Taming of the Shrew)
"Hell is empty, and all the devils are here." (Ariel; William Shakespeare- The Tempest)
"We are such stuff as dreams are made of, and our little life is rounded with a sleep." (Prospero; William Shakespeare, The Tempest)
"Man stands amazed to see his deformity in any other creature but himself." (Bosola; John Webster- The Duchess of Malfi)
"There’s no deep valley but near some great hill." (Duchess; John Webster- The Duchess of Malfi)
No man, for any considerable period, can wear one face to himself and another to the multitude, without finally getting bewildered as to which may be the true. (Nathaniel Hawthorne- The Scarlet Letter)
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane. (Philip K. Dick)
"Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure." (Stephen King- Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption)
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking. (Levin; Leo Tolstoy- Anna Karenina)
"When you fall in love, it is a temporary madness. It erupts like an earthquake, and then it subsides. And when it subsides, you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots are to become so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the desire to mate every second of the day. It is not lying awake at night imagining that he is kissing every part of your body. No... don't blush. I am telling you some truths. For that is just being in love; which any of us can convince ourselves we are. Love itself is what is left over, when being in love has burned away. Doesn't sound very exciting, does it? But it is!" (Iannis; Louis de Bernières- Captain Corelli’s Mandolin)
I am nothing special; just a common man with common thoughts, and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten. But in one respect I have succeeded as gloriously as anyone who's ever lived: I've loved another with all my heart and soul; and to me, this has always been enough. (Noah; Nicholas Sparks- The Notebook)
"Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same." (Cathy; Emily Bronte- Wuthering Heights)
‘She was a wild, wicked slip of a girl. She burned too bright for this world.’ (Emily Bronte- Wuthering Heights)
"It is fate that I am here," George persisted, "but you can call it Italy if it makes you less unhappy." (E. M Forster- A Room with a View)
"When we were only acquaintances, you let me be myself, but now you're always protecting me... I won't be protected. I will choose for myself what is ladylike and right. To shield me is an insult. Can't I be trusted to face the truth but I must get it second-hand through you? A woman's place!" (Lucy; E. M Forster- A Room with a View)
"I taught him," he quavered, "to trust in love. I said: ‘when love comes, that is reality.' I said: 'Passion does not blind. No. Passion is sanity, and the woman you love, she is the only person you will ever really understand.’" (Mr Emerson; E. M Forster- A Room with a View)
"You can transmute love, muddle it, ignore it... but you can never pull it out of you." (Mr Emerson; E. M Forster- A Room With A View)
"When I think of what life is, and how seldom love is answered by love - Marry him; it is one of the moments for which the world was made." (Mr Emerson; E. M Forster- A Room with a View)
"Who, being loved, is poor?" (Oscar Wilde- A Woman Of No Importance)
"You like every one; that is to say, you are indifferent to every one." (Oscar Wilde- The Picture of Dorian Gray)
Not the fear of God, but upholding your own sense of honour and obeying your conscience. How noble and good everyone could be if, at the end of each day, they were to review their own behaviour and weigh up the right and wrongs. (The Diary of Anne Frank)
Sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated. (Alphonse de Lamartine)
Sometimes you see a person, and you wonder why you don’t spend more time with that person, because they’re like one of your favourite people. And then they say something and you remember why you don’t. (Leo F. Buscaglia)
All those quiet people, when they do lose their tempers they lose them with a vengeance. (Agatha Christie- The ABC Murders)
"How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard." (Winnie The Pooh)
This sentence has five words. Here are five more words. Five-word sentences are fine. But several together become monotonous. Listen to what is happening. The writing is getting boring. The sound of it drones. It’s like a stuck record. The ear demands some variety. Now listen. I vary the sentence length, and I create music. Music. The writing sings. It has a pleasant rhythm, a lilt, a harmony. I use short sentences. And I use sentences of medium length. And sometimes, when I am certain the reader is rested, I will engage him with a sentence of considerable length, a sentence that burns with energy and builds with all the impetus of a crescendo, the roll of the drums, the crash of the cymbals–sounds that say listen to this, it is important. (Gary Provost)
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realise just how much you love them. (Agatha Christie)
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defences, you build up a whole suit of armour, so that nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life... You give them a piece of you. They didn't ask for it. They did something dumb one day, like kiss you or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. Love takes hostages. It gets inside you. It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so simple a phrase like 'maybe we should be just friends' turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. It hurts. Not just in the imagination. Not just in the mind. It's a soul-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. I hate love. (Neil Gaiman- The Kindly Ones)
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. He sets them to work, he gives back to them the bare minimum that will prevent them from starving, and the rest he keeps for himself. (George Orwell- Animal Farm)
"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." (George Orwell- Animal Farm)
'The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.' (George Orwell- Animal Farm)
"It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then." (Alice; Lewis Carroll- Alice In Wonderland)
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it). (Alice; Lewis Carroll- Alice In Wonderland)
It struck me as pretty ridiculous to be called Mr. Darcy and to stand on your own looking snooty at a party. It's like being called Heathcliff and insisting on spending the entire evening in the garden, shouting "Cathy" and banging your head against a tree. (Bridget; Helen Fielding- Bridget Jones’s Diary)
"Come on, let's get you a drink. How's your love life, anyway?" Oh God. Why can't married people understand that this is no longer a polite question to ask? We wouldn't rush up to them and roar, "How's your marriage going? Still have sex?" (Helen Fielding- Bridget Jones’s Diary)
When someone leaves you, apart from missing them, apart from the fact that the whole little world you've created together collapses, and that everything you see or do reminds you of them, the worst is the thought that they tried you out and, in the end, the whole sum of parts adds up to you got stamped REJECT by the one you love. How can you not be left with the personal confidence of a passed over British Rail sandwich? (Bridget; Helen Fielding- Bridget Jones’s Diary)
You have been in every way all that anyone could be... If anybody could have saved me it would have been you. (Virginia Woolf’s suicide letter)
'She was a great talker upon little matters . . . full of trivial communications and harmless gossip.' (About Miss Bates; Jane Austen- Emma)
"It is always incomprehensible to a man that a woman should ever refuse an offer of marriage. A man always imagines a woman to be ready for anybody who asks her." (Emma; Jane Austen- Emma)
"A woman is not to marry a man merely because she is asked, or because he is attached to her, and can write a tolerable letter." (Emma; Jane Austen- Emma)
"I should like to see Emma in love, and in some doubt of a return; it would do her good.” (Mr Knightley; Jane Austen- Emma)
She was one of those, who, having once begun, would be always in love. (Emma about Harriet; Jane Austen- Emma)
There are people, who the more you do for them, the less they will do for themselves. (Jane Austen- Emma)
“Oh! very well," Exclaimed Miss Bates, "then I need not be uneasy. 'Three things very dull indeed.’ That will just do for me, you know. I shall be sure to say three dull things as soon as ever I open my mouth, shan’t I? - Do not you all think I shall?” Emma could not resist. "Ah! ma'am, but there may be a difficulty. Pardon me - but you will be limited as to number - only three at once." (Miss Bates and Emma; Jane Austen- Emma)
A few minutes were sufficient for making her acquainted with her own heart. A mind like hers, once opening to suspicion, made rapid progress; she touched, she admitted, she acknowledged the whole truth. Why was it so much worse that Harriet should be in love with Mr. Knightley than with Frank Churchill? Why was the evil so dreadfully increased by Harriet’s having some hope of a return? It darted through her with the speed of an arrow that Mr. Knightley must marry no one but herself! (Emma; Jane Austen- Emma)
"I cannot make speeches, Emma," he soon resumed; and in a tone of such sincere, decided, intelligible tenderness as was tolerably convincing. "If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more. But you know what I am. You hear nothing but truth from me. I have blamed you, and lectured you, and you have borne it as no other woman in England would have borne it." (Mr Knightley; Jane Austen- Emma)
Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings. (Fanny Price; Jane Austen- Mansfield Park)
'A fondness for reading, properly directed, must be an education in itself.' (Jane Austen- Mansfield Park)
“Now I must give one smirk, and then we may be rational again.” (Henry Tilney; Jane Austen- Northanger Abbey)
"I see what you think of me," said he gravely -- "I shall make but a poor figure in your journal tomorrow." "My journal!" Yes, I know exactly what you will say: Friday, went to the Lower Rooms; wore my sprigged muslin robe with blue trimmings -- plain black shoes -- appeared to much advantage; but was strangely harassed by a queer, half-witted man, who would make me dance with him, and distressed me by his nonsense." (Henry Tilney & Catherine Morland; Jane Austen- Northanger Abbey)
"But you never read novels, I dare say?” “Why not?” “Because they are not clever enough for you—gentlemen read better books.” "The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." (Henry Tilney & Catherine Morland; Jane Austen- Northanger Abbey)
"No man is offended by another man’s admiration of the woman he loves; it is the woman only who can make it a torment.” (Henry Tilney; Jane Austen- Northanger Abbey)
'To begin perfect happiness at the respective ages of twenty-six and eighteen, is to do pretty well.' (Jane Austen- Northanger Abbey)
'He had, in fact, though his sisters were now doing all they could for him, by calling him 'poor Richard', been nothing better than a thick-headed, unfeeling, unprofitable Dick Musgrove, who has never done anything to entitle himself to more than the abbreviation of his name, living or dead.' (Jane Austen- Persuasion)
“If there is any thing disagreeable going on, men are always sure to get out of it.” (Mary Musgrove; Jane Austen- Persuasion)
“...There could have been no two hearts so open, no tastes so similar, no feelings so in unison, no countenances so beloved. Now they were as strangers; worse than strangers, for they could never become acquainted. It was a perpetual estrangement” (Jane Austen- Persuasion)
"I hate to hear you talking so like a fine gentleman, and as if women were all fine ladies instead of rational creatures. We none of us expect to be in smooth water all our days." (Mrs Croft; Jane Austen- Persuasion)
“His cold politeness, his ceremonious grace, were worse than anything.” (Anne Elliot; Jane Austen- Persuasion)
“A man does not recover from such devotion of the heart to such a woman! He ought not; he does not.” (Captain Wentworth; Jane Austen- Persuasion)
"We certainly do not forget you as soon as you forget us. It is, perhaps, our fate rather than our merit. We cannot help ourselves. We live at home, quiet, confined, and our feelings prey upon us." (Anne Elliot; Jane Austen- Persuasion)
Charles Musgrove: “I do not think I ever opened a book in my life which had not something to say upon woman's inconstancy. Songs and proverbs, all talk of woman's fickleness. But perhaps you will say, these were all written by men."  Anne Elliot: "Perhaps I shall. Yes, yes, if you please, no reference to examples in books. Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.” (Jane Austen- Persuasion)
"You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope. Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever. I offer myself to you again with a heart even more your own than when you almost broke it, eight years and a half ago. Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. I have loved none but you." (Captain Wentworth's letter; Jane Austen- Persuasion)
It is a truth universally that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife. However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families, that he is considered as the rightful property of someone or other of their daughters. (Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
“I have been used to consider poetry as "the food of love" said Darcy. "Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.” (Elizabeth & Mr Darcy; Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
"A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment." (Mr Darcy; Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
But no sooner had he made it clear to himself and his friends that she had hardly a good feature in her face, than he began to find it was rendered uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. (Mr Darcy; Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
Mr. Darcy began to feel the danger of paying Elizabeth too much attention. (Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
"Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us." (Mary; Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
“An unhappy alternative is before you, Elizabeth. From this day you must be a stranger to one of your parents. Your mother will never see you again if you do not marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if you do.” (Mr Bennett; Jane Austen- Pride & Prejudice)
"I might as well enquire," replied she, "why with so evident a design of offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me against your will, against your reason, and even against your character?" (Elizabeth; Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
"My affections and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence me on this subject for ever." (Mr Darcy; Jane Austen, Pride & Prejudice)
“I am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only smiles, I laugh.” (Elizabeth; Jane Austen- Pride and Prejudice)
"Money can only give happiness where there is nothing else to give it.  Beyond a competence, it can afford no real satisfaction as far as mere self is concerned." (Marianne; Jane Austen- Sense & Sensibility)
'I am going to take a heroine whom no one but myself will much like.' (Jane Austen, about Emma)
"You seem to have an extremely large bag today, Mr. Lynch," Whelk said. "You know what they say about men with large bags," Ronan replied. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
It was nothing, but it was Adam Parrish’s nothing. How he hated and loved it. How proud he was of it, how wretched it was. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Adam realised that Ronan, as usual, had no intention of stopping before something bad happened. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
But one of the marvellous things about being Ronan Lynch was that no one ever expected him to do anything nice for anyone. (The Raven Cycle)
She knew that he - it - Noah - was strange and decayed and frightened, and she knew she loved him anyway. (Blue; Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
"And don’t ever say the word chuckle around her. She hates it.” (Blue; Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Noah twisted and twitched, his body impossible. Somewhere, he was dying. Always dying. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Ronan pointed at the cart. "Get in there." (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Gansey sat at the kitchen table in an aggressively green polo shirt. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
"Jesus Christ," Gansey said, to hide the sound of every hair on his body standing up and both his testicles retreating. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
"Not today!" Artemus said. "No, thank you! Too many events this decade. Perhaps later! Cannot do the shock! Thank you for your time." (Artemus; Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Ronan wasn’t a fan of lamps. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
"Bye. Will you be home for dinner? I’m making midlife crisis."     "Oh," Blue said, "I’ll guess I’ll have a slice. If you’re making it already." (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
They regarded each other. Adam fair and cautious, Ronan dark and incendiary. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
‘What do you want Adam?’    To feel awake when my eyes are open. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Ronan said, "I'm always straight."     Adam replied "Oh, man, that's the biggest lie you've ever told." (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
"Ronan," Noah said, "I have a super bad feeling."      "It's called being dead," Ronan replied. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
A secret is a strange thing.        There are three kinds of secrets. One is the sort everyone knows about, the sort you need at least two people for. One to keep it. One to never know. The second is a harder kind of secret: one you keep from yourself. Every day, thousands of confessions are kept from their would-be confessors, none of these people knowing that their never-admitted secrets all boil down to the same three words: I am afraid.       And then there is the third kind of secret, the most hidden kind. A secret no one knows about. Perhaps it was known once, but was taken to the grave. Or maybe it is a useless mystery, arcane and lonely, unfound because no one ever looked for it.       Sometimes, some rare times, a secret stays undiscovered because it is something too big for the mind to hold. It is too strange, too vast, too terrifying to contemplate.       All of us have secrets in our lives. We’re keepers or keptfrom, players or played. Secrets and cockroaches — that’s what will be left at the end of it all. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
How unfair she'd been to assume love and money would preclude pain and hardship. (Blue; Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
His feelings for Adam were an oil spill; he'd let them overflow and now there wasn't a damn place in the ocean that wouldn't catch fire if he dropped a match. (Ronan; Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Adam smiled cheerily. Ronan would start wars and burn cities for that true smile, elastic and amiable. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Twelve minutes after that, Kavinsky texted Ronan: ballsack. Ronan replied: shitstack. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Gansey sat at the kitchen table in an aggressively green polo shirt. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
His mother's father had been a diplomat, an architect of fortunes; his father's father had been an architect, a diplomat of styles. (Gansey; Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
The thing was, Ronan knew what a face looked like, just before it was about to break. He'd seen it in the mirror often enough. Adam had fracture lines all over him. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Ronan Lynch - dreamer of dreams, fighter of men, skipper of classes. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
If you can’t be unafraid, Henry said, be afraid and happy. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
When he opened his eyes, he saw that Ronan was looking at him, as he had been looking at him for months. Adam looked back, as he had been looking back for months. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
"Whoever wakes up the corpse road will be favoured by the corpse road. Both the one who sacrifices and the one who is sacrificed." (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Everything Ronan had ever said about Adam restructured itself in Gansey's mind. What a strange constellation they all were. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
When Adam kissed him, it was every mile per hour Ronan had ever gone over the speed limit. It was every window-down, goose-bumps-on-skin, teeth-chattering-cold night drive. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Noah crouched over Gansey's body. He said, for the last time, "You will live because of Glendower. Someone else on the ley line is dying when they should not, and so you will live when you should not." Gansey died. "Goodbye," Noah said. "Don't throw it away." He quietly slid from time. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Raven Cycle)
Ronan hadn't known anything about who Adam was then and, if possible, he'd known even less about who he himself was, but as they drove away from the boy with the bicycle, this was how it had begun: Ronan leaning back against his seat and closing his eyes and sending up a simple, inexplicable, desperate prayer to God: Please. (Maggie Stiefvater- Call Down The Hawk)
This was as Ronan remembered it. Adam's ribs fit against his ribs just as they had before. His arms wrapped around Adam's narrow frame the same way they had before. His hand still pressed against the back of Ronan's skull the way it always did when they hugged. His voice was missing his accent, but now it sounded properly like him as he murmured into Ronan's skin: "You smell like home.”
(Maggie Stiefvater- Call Down the Hawk)
"I want it too much," Adam said. That sentence, Ronan thought, was enough to undo all bad feeling he might have had meeting Adam's Harvard friends, all bad feeling about looking like a loser, all bad feeling about feeling stuck, all bad feeling, ever. Adam Parrish wanted him, and he wanted Adam Parrish. (Maggie Stiefvater- Call Down The Hawk)
“Sam?" Rachel asked. "Do you know you have the saddest sad face ever?” (Maggie Stiefvater- Linger)
It is the first day of November and so, today, someone will die. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Scorpio Races)
I am so, so alive. (Sean; Maggie Stiefvater- The Scorpio Races)
'My mother always said that I was born out of a bottle of vinegar instead of born from a womb and that she and my father bathed me in sugar for three days to wash it off. I try to behave, but I always go back to the vinegar.' (Puck; Maggie Stiefvater- The Scorpio Races)
'Neatness makes me feel like I have to be on my best behaviour. Clutter is my natural habitat.' (Puck; Maggie Stiefvater- The Scorpio Races)
“It's easy to convince men to love you, Puck. All you have to do is be a mountain they have to climb or a poem they don't understand.” (Maggie Stiefvater- The Scorpio Races)
There are moments that you'll remember for the rest of your life and there are moments that you think you'll remember for the rest of your life, and it's not often they turn out to be the same moment. (Maggie Stiefvater- The Scorpio Races)
I say, "I will not be your weakness, Sean Kendrick." Now he looks at me. He says, very softly, "It's late for that, Puck." (Maggie Stiefvater- The Scorpio Races)
Then he left, and with him he took the sun, the moon, the stars, and anything inside of me that might have been good.
(Julie Murphy- Side Effects May Vary)
If people were rain, I was drizzle and she was hurricane. (Miles; John Green- Looking for Alaska)
What is an "instant" death anyway? How long is an instant? Is it one second? Ten? The pain of those seconds must have been awful as her heart burst and her lungs collapsed and there was no air and no blood to her brain and only raw panic. What the hell is instant? Nothing is instant. Instant rice takes five minutes, instant pudding an hour. I doubt that an instant of blinding pain feels particularly instantaneous. (Miles; John Green- Looking for Alaska)
If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can't know better until knowing better is useless. (Miles; John Green- Looking for Alaska)
"You don’t have to live forever, you just have to live." (Angus; Natalie Babbitt- Tuck Everlasting)
If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled? (Jodi Picoult- Nineteen Minutes)
You know it's never fifty-fifty in a marriage. It's always seventy-thirty, or sixty-forty. Someone falls in love first. Someone puts someone else up on a pedestal. Someone works very hard to keep things rolling smoothly; someone else sails along for the ride. (Jodi Picoult- Mercy)
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print. It gave us more freedom. We lived in the gaps between the stories. (Offred; Margaret Atwood- The Handmaid’s Tale)
“The easiest way to steal a man’s wallet is to tell him you’re going to steal his watch. You take his attention and direct it where you want it to go.” (Kaz; Leigh Bardugo- Six of Crows)
“Many boys will bring you flowers. But someday you'll meet a boy who will learn your favourite flower, your favourite song, your favourite sweet. And even if he is too poor to give you any of them, it won't matter because he will have taken the time to know you as no one else does. Only that boy earns your heart.” (Inej's father; Leigh Bardugo- Six of Crows)
"Better terrible truths than kind lies." (Inej; Leigh Bardugo- Six of Crows)
Jesper knocked his head against the hull and cast his eyes heavenward. “Fine. But if Pekka Rollins kills us all, I’m going to get Wylan’s ghost to teach my ghost how to play the flute just so that I can annoy the hell out of your ghost.” Brekker’s lips quirked. “I’ll just hire Matthias’ ghost to kick your ghost’s ass.” “My ghost won’t associate with your ghost,” Matthias said primly, and then wondered if the sea air was rotting his brain. (Leigh Bardugo- Six of Crows)
“What do you like?" "Music. Numbers. Equations. They're not like words. They ... they don't get mixed up." "If only you could talk to girls in equations." There was a long silence, and then, eyes trained on the notch they'd created in the link, Wylan said, "Just girls?" Jesper restrained a grin. "No. Not just girls." It really was a shame they were all probably going to die tonight. (Jesper and Wylan; Leigh Bardugo- Six of Crows)
“Stop looking around like you think someone’s following you,” Kaz said. “And stop scurrying. You couldn’t look guiltier if you were performing the role of Thief Number Three in a penny play on East Stave." (Kaz; Leigh Bardugo- Crooked Kingdom)
Wylan summoned every bit of bravado he'd learned from Nina, the will he'd learned from Matthias, the focus he'd studied in Kaz, the courage he'd learned from Inej, and the wild, reckless hope he'd learned from Jesper, the belief that no matter the odds, somehow they would win. "I won't talk," he said. (...) In the end, he was not Nina or Matthias or Kaz or Inej or Jesper. He was just Wylan Van Eck. He told them everything. (Wylan; Leigh Bardugo- Crooked Kingdom)
"I would have come for you. And if I couldn't walk, I'd crawl to you, and no matter how broken we were, we'd fight our way out together - knives drawn, pistols blazing. Because that's what we do. We never stop fighting." (Kaz to Inej; Leigh Bardugo- Crooked Kingdom)
I was happy before I met him. But I’m alive now, and those are not the same thing. (Maddy; Nicola Yoon- Everything, Everything)
I read once that, on average, we replace the majority of our cells every seven years. Even more amazing: we change the upper layers of our skin every two weeks. If all the cells in our body did this, we’d be immortal. But some of our cells, like the ones in our brains, don’t renew. They age, and age us. In two weeks my skin will have no memory of Olly’s hand on mine, but my brain will remember. We can have immortality or the memory of touch. But we can’t have both. (Maddy; Nicola Yoon- Everything, Everything)
Home was more about people than a place. (Caragh M. O’Brien- Ruled)
Sometimes you read a book so special that you want to carry it around with you for months after you've finished just to stay near it. (Markus Zusak-The Book Thief)
Maybe happiness didn't have to be about the big, sweeping circumstances, about having everything in your life in place. Maybe it was about stringing together a bunch of small pleasures. Wearing slippers and watching the Miss Universe contest. Eating a brownie with vanilla ice cream. Getting to level seven in Dragon Master and knowing there were twenty more levels to go. (Tibby Rollins; Ann Brashares- The Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants)
"It’s more that I’m afraid of time. And not having enough of it. Time to figure out who I’m supposed to be... to find my place in the world before I have to leave it. I’m afraid of what I’ll miss." (Bailey; Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants)
Men always say that as the defining compliment, don’t they? She’s a cool girl. Being the Cool Girl means I am a hot, brilliant, funny woman who adores football, poker, dirty jokes, and burping, who plays video games, drinks cheap beer, loves threesomes and anal sex, and jams hot dogs and hamburgers into her mouth like she’s hosting the world’s biggest culinary gang bang while somehow maintaining a size 2, because Cool Girls are above all hot. Hot and understanding. Cool Girls never get angry; they only smile in a chagrined, loving manner and let their men do whatever they want. Go ahead, shit on me, I don’t mind, I’m the Cool Girl. Oh, and if you’re not a Cool Girl, I beg you not to believe that your man doesn’t want the Cool Girl. It may be a slightly different version – maybe he’s a vegetarian, so Cool Girl loves seitan and is great with dogs; or maybe he’s a hipster artist, so Cool Girl is a tattooed, bespectacled nerd who loves comics. There are variations to the window dressing, but believe me, he wants Cool Girl, who is basically the girl who likes every fucking thing he likes and doesn’t ever complain. (Amy; Gillian Flynn- Gone Girl)
The ones who are not soul-mated – the ones who have settled – are even more dismissive of my singleness: It’s not that hard to find someone to marry, they say. No relationship is perfect, they say – they, who make do with dutiful sex and gassy bedtime rituals, who settle for TV as conversation, who believe that husbandly capitulation – yes, honey, okay, honey – is the same as concord. He’s doing what you tell him to do because he doesn’t care enough to argue, I think. Your petty demands simply make him feel superior, or resentful, and someday he will fuck his pretty, young coworker who asks nothing of him, and you will actually be shocked.    Give me a man with a little fight in him, a man who calls me on my bullshit. (But who also kind of likes my bullshit.) And yet: Don’t land me in one of those relationships where we’re always pecking at each other, disguising insults as jokes, rolling our eyes and ‘playfully’ scrapping in front of our friends, hoping to lure them to our side of an argument they could not care less about. (Amy; Gillian Flynn- Gone Girl)
We were the first human beings who would never see anything for the first time. We stare at the wonders of the world, dull-eyed, underwhelmed. Mona Lisa, the Pyramids, the Empire State Building. Jungle animals on attack, ancient icebergs collapsing, volcanoes erupting. (Amy; Gillian Flynn -Gone Girl)
It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless Automat of characters. And if all of us are play-acting, there can be no such thing as a soul mate, because we don't have genuine souls. (Amy; Gillian Flynn -Gone Girl)
People love talking, and I have never been a huge talker. I carry on an inner monologue, but the words often don't reach my lips. (Amy; Gillian Flynn- Gone Girl)
"You are a man. You are an average, lazy, boring, cowardly, woman-fearing man. Without me, that's what you would have kept on being, ad nauseam. But I made you into something. You were the best man you've ever been with me. And you know it. The only time in your life you've ever liked yourself was pretending to be someone I might like." (Amy; Gillian Flynn -Gone Girl)
There is an unfair responsibility that comes with being an only child - you grow up knowing you aren't allowed to disappoint, you're not even allowed to die. (Amy; Gillian Flynn- Gone Girl)
It is a do-it-yourself era: health care, real estate, police investigation. Go online and fucking figure it out for yourself because everyone’s overworked and understaffed. (Gillian Flynn- Gone Girl)
"I don't want realism. I want magic! Yes, yes, magic! I try to give that to people. I misrepresent things to them. I don't tell the truth, I tell what ought to be the truth. And if that's sinful, then let me be damned for it!" (Blanche; Tennessee Williams- A Streetcar Named Desire)
"I have always depended on the kindness of strangers." (Blanche; Tennessee Williams- A Streetcar Named Desire)
"Physical beauty is passing - a transitory possession - but beauty of the mind, richness of the spirit, tenderness of the heart - I have all these things - aren't taken away but grow! Increase with the years!" (Blanche; Tennessee Williams- A Streetcar Named Desire)
"Thousands and thousands of years have passed him right by, and there he is - Stanley Kowalski - survivor of the Stone Age! Bearing the raw meat home from the kill in the jungle! And you - you here - waiting for him! Maybe he'll strike you or maybe grunt and kiss you! That is, if kisses have been discovered yet! Night falls and the other apes gather! There in the front of the cave, all grunting like him, and swilling and gnawing and hulking! His poker night! - you call it - this party of apes! Somebody growls - some creature snatches at something - the fight is on! God! Maybe we are a long way from being made in God's image, but Stella - my sister - there has been some progress since then! Such things as art - as poetry and music - such kinds of new light have come into the world since then!" (Blanche; Tennessee Williams- A Streetcar Named Desire)  
"Funerals are pretty compared to deaths." (Blanche; Tennessee Williams- A Streetcar Named Desire)
“Ok. Omniscient and omnipotent. And the third thing, God is good. Well, it doesn't add up, does it? You can have any two of those things, but not all three - it doesn't make sense. Because as it is - as you believe it, I mean - your omniscient God knew hundreds of thousands of people were dying in that war, were going to die. They were going to be shelled to bits or gassed or get gangrene or drown in hell-holes or die in agony in hospitals or go mad with fright. And he didn’t lift a finger to stop it. Even though he could have, if he’s omnipotent. So those two things rule our the third - if he exists at all, he can't be good. And that's only one example. Same applies to earthquakes or floods or avalanches. Acts of God, they're called, aren't they. What sort of God would deliberately act like that?” (Greg; Linda Newbery- The Shell House)
Both of us were mud-streaked and filthy in the moonlight. For a wild moment I thought, ‘I have never been happier in my whole life. This is living in a way I have never dreamt of'. (Edmund; Linda Newbery- The Shell House)
"Both or neither." Alex spoke into Edmund's ear. "Both live or both die." (Linda Newbery- The Shell House)
Is this love, or is it madness? I am obsessed with him to a pitch of delirium. And then Alex would look at him in that fleeting, intimate way, or touch his hand, and he would be momentarily soothed until next time the fever burned him. (Edmund; Linda Newbery- The Shell House) 
"You're not related?" "Friend," Edmund said. The inadequate word sounded like a flat lie. We are lovers - we are linked body and soul, he wanted to tell her, as if such a declaration would save Alex. I am him and he is me. If he dies, I will die too. (Edmund; Linda Newbery- The Shell House)
"I have a dream - a fantasy, of spending a night in the open, by the sea, with another person, on a warm, still night when the sky's really clear. We'd lie all night looking up at the stars and listening to the waves, and then when the dawn came we'd wade into the sea and swim. That would be perfect enough to last my whole life. Stars and darkness and space and sand and waves and water and light." (Jordan; Linda Newbery- The Shell House)
"It was love - freely given, freely received. I refuse to view it in the way you do! Killing other men with grenades, killing with bullets, killing with bayonets, killing with poison gas - is that not depravity? Is that not sinful? No - according to your twisted logic, to kill is right and to love is wrong!" (Edmund; Linda Newbery- The Shell House)
As he went from room to room, pouring, lighting, he developed a kind of reckless artistry; igniting a bowl of potpourri in his mother's room, making a neat pyre of books in the centre of his father's. With a lighted spill of paper, he torched the damask curtains that draped his mother's four-poster bed, and made a bonfire of the crested and embossed stationery on her writing desk. It was an act of creation. Let there be fire: and there was fire. Let the fire be gathered unto one place: and it was so. And it was good. (Edmund; Linda Newbery- The Shell House)
"Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle." (Will; Jojo Moyes- Me Before You)
"You've come to give me a piece of your mind. You know that phrase is really beautiful. The mind is the most powerful thing in the body. Whatever the mind believes, the body can achieve. So to give someone a piece of it... well thank you. Funny how people are always intent on giving it to the people they dislike when it really should be for the ones they love." (Ivan; Cecelia Ahern- If You Could See Me Now)
Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book. (John Green- The Fault In Our Stars)
I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once. (Hazel; John Green- The Fault In Our Stars)
"It would be a privilege to have my heart broken by you." (Augustus; John Green- The Fault In Our Stars)
"I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimise the casualties, Okay?" (John Green- The Fault in our Stars)
"Seriously, don't even get me started on my hot bod. You don't want to see me naked, Dave. Seeing me naked actually took Hazel Grace's breath away," he said, nodding toward the oxygen tank. (Augustus; John Green- The Fault In Our Stars)
Much of my life had been devoted to trying not to cry in front of people who loved me, so I knew what Augustus was doing. You clench your teeth. You look up. You tell yourself that if they see you cry, it will hurt them, and you will be nothing but a Sadness in their lives, and you must not become a mere sadness, so you will not cry, and you say all of this to yourself while looking up at the ceiling, and then you swallow even though your throat does not want to close and you look at the person who loves you and smile. (Hazel; John Green- The Fault in Our Stars)
"To gain everything and lose everything in the space of a moment. That is the fate of all princes destined for the throne." (Laurent; C. S. Pacat- Captive Prince trilogy)
"You see?" said Laurent. "He has forgiven me for the small matter of the whip. I have forgiven him for the small matter of killing my brother. All hail the alliance." (Laurent; C. S. Pacat- Captive Prince trilogy)
When laced into his clothing, Laurent's dangerous grace lent him an almost androgynous quality. Or perhaps it was more accurate to say that it was rare to associate Laurent with a physical body at all: you were always dealing with a mind. (C. S. Pacat- Captive Prince trilogy)
"That’s right. He is Charls. I am Charls. We are cousins," said Charls, gamely, "named after our grandfather. Charls." (C. S. Pacat- Captive Prince trilogy)
Ancel had seen with his own eyes that Berenger owned six identical copies of the same brown jacket. (C. S. Pacat- Pet)
Everyone should remember being born. It doesn't seem fair that we only remember dying. (Lauren DeStefano- Fever)
"How old are you?" "Seventeen," he answered promptly. "And how long have you been seventeen?" His lips twitched as he stared at the road. "A while," he admitted at last. (Bella & Edward; Stephanie Meyer- Twilight)
"When I told you that I didn't want you, it was the very blackest kind of blasphemy." (Edward; Stephanie Meyer- New Moon)
You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes. (Lauren Oliver- Delirium)
I’m thinking the reason I’ve been so quiet all those years is only because he wasn’t around yet for me to tell everything to. (Noah; Jandy Nelson- I’ll Give You The Sun)
'I love you,' I say to him, only it comes out, "Hey." 'So damn much,' he says back, only it comes out, "Dude". (Noah and Brian; Jandy Nelson- I’ll Give You The Sun)
This is what I want: I want to grab my brother’s hand and run back through time, losing years like coats falling from our shoulders. (Jude; Jandy Nelson- I'll Give You the Sun)
The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count. (Finch; Jennifer Niven- All the Bright Places)
“There are only so many hours in the day, Simon. Two, three people—that’s all any of us have time for.” “There are more people than that in your immediate family, Penny.” “I know. It’s a struggle.” (Simon & Penny; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
“It’s like being a fairy named Mary,” he goes on. “Or a vampire named Gampire,” I say. “Gampire isn’t even a proper name, Snow. You’re terrible at this game.” (Simon & Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
She's like Eeyore if Eeyore hung out with goats all the time instead of letting Pooh and Piglet cheer him up. (Simon; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
Just when you think you're having a scene without Simon, he drops in to remind you that everyone else is a supporting character in his catastrophe. (Agatha; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
“I want to be someone's right now, Simon, not their happily ever after.” (Agatha; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
Even some of our cookbooks are banned. (Though it's been centuries, at least, since the Pitches ate fairies.) (You can't even find fairies anymore.) (And it isn't because we ate them all.) (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
“There are pages ripped out and taped all over one wall. (Not taped - stuck to the wall with spells.) (And this is exactly the sort of thing I'm sick of. Like, just use some tape. Why come up with a spell for sticking paper to the wall? Tape. Exists.)” (Agatha; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
I think I might kiss him. He's right here. And his lips are hanging open (mouth breather) and his eyes are alive, alive, alive. (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
He's not a monster. He's just a villain. He's not a villain. He's just a boy. I'm kissing a boy. I'm kissing Baz. (Simon; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
He held himself up on all fours above me and made me reach up for his mouth—and I did. I would again. I’d cross every line for him. (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
“There is no ‘this’!” I protest. “You slept in my arms,” he says. “Fitfully.” (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
"You were the sun, and I was crashing into you. I'd wake up every morning and think, 'This will end in flames.' " (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
"You were the centre of my universe and everything else spun around you." (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Carry on)
“He told me we were stars.” (Lucy; Rainbow Rowell- Carry On)
I want to be William Shakespeare and Galileo and Robert Frost. I want to be Sappho. I want to be Jane Austen. I want to be Holden Caulfield and Marilyn Monroe and Joan of Arc. I’m sad to think they came before me in history, they made their mark without me. But they were there. They happened. (Waverley; Brenna Yovanoff- Places No One Knows)
Sometimes you do things that feel bad later just so you don't feel worse right now. (Marshall; Brenna Yovanoff- Places No One Knows)
"Why is straight the default? Everyone should have to declare one way or another, and it should be this big awkward thing whether you're straight, gay, bi, or whatever." (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
"It is definitely annoying that straight (and white, for that matter) is the default, and that the only people who have to think about their identity are the ones who don't fit that mold. Straight people really should have to come out, and the more awkward it is, the better. Awkwardness should be a requirement." (Blue/Bram; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
"What's a dementor?" I mean, I can't even. "Nora, you are no longer my sister." "So it's some Harry Potter thing," she says. (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
I take a sip of my beer, and it's - I mean, it's just astonishingly disgusting. I don't think I was expecting it to taste like ice cream, but holy fucking hell. People lie and get fake IDs and sneak into bars, and for this? (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
People are shameless when it comes to cake. It's a beautiful thing to see. (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
It’s like eleven o’clock on the night of your birthday, when you realise no one’s throwing you a surprise party after all. (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
The way I feel about him is like a heartbeat -- soft and persistent, underlying everything. (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
Bram was right: People really are like houses with vast rooms and tiny windows. And maybe it's a good thing, the way we never stop surprising each other. (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
He tells me to pick the music. I’m not sure if he knows that handing me his iPod is like handing me the window to his soul. (Simon; Becky Albertalli- Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda)
In the morning, when I opened my eyes, the world was the same. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I hated being volunteered. The problem with my life was that it was someone else's idea. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I mean, I knew bullshit when I heard it. And as bullshit went, it was the nice, harmless, affectionate kind. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
Not talking can make a guy pretty lonely. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I had a rule that it was better to be bored by yourself than to be bored with someone else. I pretty much lived by that rule. Maybe that's why I didn't have any friends. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
We laughed again. We couldn’t stop. I wondered what it was we were laughing about. Was it just our names? Were we laughing because we were relieved? Were we happy? Laughter was another one of life’s mysteries. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I was mostly invisible. I think I liked it that way. And then Dante came along. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I got to thinking that poems were like people. Some people you got right off the bat. Some people you just didn't get--and never would get. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
One time, I sat with him at Mass. He untied his shoelaces and took off his shoes right there in the pew. I sort of gave him this look. He rolled his eyes and pointed at the crucifix and whispered, “Jesus isn’t wearing shoes.” (Dante to Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I thought it might be a great thing to be the air. I could be something and nothing at the same time. I could be necessary and also invisible. Everyone would need me and no one would be able to see me. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
All over the house, there are pictures. But there are no pictures of my brother. Because he’s in prison. No one in my house talks about him. It’s like being dead. It’s worse than being dead. At least the dead get talked about and you get to hear stories about them. People smile when they tell those stories. And they even laugh. Even the dog we used to have gets talked about. Even Charlie, the dead dog, gets a story. My brother doesn’t get any stories. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
It was good to laugh. I wanted to laugh and laugh and laugh until I laughed myself into becoming someone else. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
He looked like an angel. And all I wanted to do was put my fist through his jaw. (Ari about Dante; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
His face had healed. In the evening light, he was perfect again. (Ari about Dante; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
"I love swimming," he said again. He was quiet for a little while. And then he said, "I love swimming— and you." I didn't say anything. "Swimming and you, Ari. Those are the things I love the most." (Dante; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I felt like I was the saddest boy in the universe. Summer had come and gone. Summer had come and gone. And the world was ending. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
Sometimes, all you had to do is tell people the truth. They won't believe you. After that, they'll leave you alone. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
Too much analysis. What ever happened to reading a book because you liked it? (Dante; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
Maybe this will be the summer when there is nothing but laughter. Maybe this will be the summer. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
High school was just a prologue to the real novel. Everybody got to write you—but when you graduated, you got to write yourself. (Ari with Dante; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe
I have this idea that the reason we have dreams is that we're thinking about things that we don't know we're thinking about - and those things, they sneak out of us in our dreams. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I had learned to hide what I felt. No, that's not true. There was no learning involved. I had been born knowing how to hide what I felt. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
It was as if my eyes were a camera and I was photographing the moment, knowing that I would keep that photograph forever. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
We all fight our own private wars. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
“Close your eyes,” he said. So I closed my eyes. And he kissed me. And I kissed him back... "Well?” he said. “Didn’t work for me,” I said. “Nothing?”  “Nope.”  “Okay. It sure worked for me.” “Yeah. I think I get that, Dante.”  “So, well, that’s over with then, huh?”  “Yeah.”  “Are you mad at me?”  “A little.” (Ari and Dante; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
Scars. A sign that you had been hurt. A sign that you had healed. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe
"There are worse things in the world than a boy who likes to kiss other boys." (Ari; Benjamin Alire Sáenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I wondered if my smile was as big as hers. Maybe as big. But not as beautiful. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I wanted to tell them that I'd never had a friend, not ever, not a real one. Until Dante. I wanted to tell them that I never knew that people like Dante existed in the world, people who looked at the stars, and knew the mysteries of water, and knew enough to know that birds belonged to the heavens and weren't meant to be shot down from their graceful flights by mean and stupid boys. I wanted to tell them that he had changed my life and that I would never be the same, not ever. And that somehow it felt like it was Dante who had saved my life and not the other way around. I wanted to tell them that he was the first human being aside from my mother who had ever made me want to talk about the things that scared me. I wanted to tell them so many things and yet I didn't have the words. So I just stupidly repeated myself. "Dante's my friend." (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
Until Dante, being with other people was the hardest thing in the world for me. But Dante made talking and living and feeling seem like all those things were perfectly natural. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
All of the answers had always been so close and yet I'd always fought them without even knowing it. From the minute I'd met Dante, I had fallen in love with him. I just didn't let myself know it, think it, feel it. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
“What did I say when you kissed me?”   “You said it didn’t work for you.”   “I lied.” (Ari and Dante; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I pulled him toward me. And kissed him. I kissed him. And I kissed him. And I kissed him. And I kissed him. And he kept kissing me back. (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
I took Dante's hand and held it. How could I have ever been ashamed of loving Dante Quintana? (Ari; Benjamin Alire Saenz- Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe)
"All I do when we're apart is think about you, and all I do when we're together is panic. Because every second feels so important. And because I'm so out of control, I can't help myself. I'm not even mine anymore, I'm yours, and what if you decide that you don't want me? How could you want me like I want you?" He was quiet. He wanted everything she'd just said to be the last thing he heard. He wanted to fall asleep with 'I want you' in his ears. (Rainbow Rowell- Eleanor & Park)
You saved my life, she tried to tell him. Not forever, not for good. Probably just temporarily. But you saved my life, and now I'm yours. The me that's me right now is yours. Always. (Eleanor; Rainbow Rowell- Eleanor & Park)
To really be a nerd, she'd decided, you had to prefer fictional worlds to the real one. (Cath; Rainbow Rowell- Fangirl)
“I don’t trust anybody. Not anybody. And the more that I care about someone, the more sure I am they’re going to get tired of me and take off.” (Cath; Rainbow Rowell- Fangirl)
“How do you not like the Internet? That's like saying, 'I don't like things that are convenient. And easy. I don't like having access to all of mankind's recorded discoveries at my fingertips. I don't like light. And knowledge.”  (Cath; Rainbow Rowell- Fangirl)
“Sometimes writing is running downhill, your fingers jerking behind you on the keyboard the way your legs do when they can’t quite keep up with gravity.” (Cath; Rainbow Rowell- Fangirl)
“There are other people on the Internet. It's awesome. You get all the benefits of 'other people' without the body odor and the eye contact.” (Cath; Rainbow Rowell- Fangirl)
I wanted him dead too, so that if I couldn't stop thinking about him and worrying about when would be the next time I'd see him, at least his death would put an end to it. (Andre Aciman- Call Me By Your Name)
If I could have him like this in my dreams every night of my life, I'd stake my entire life on dreams and be done with the rest. (Andre Aciman- Call Me By Your Name)
Over the years I'd lodged him in the permanent past... I'd dust him off from time to time and then put him back on the mantelpiece. He no longer belonged to earth or to life. All I was likely to discover at this point wasn't just how distant were the paths we'd taken. It was the measure of loss that was going to strike me. (Andre Aciman- Call Me By Your Name)
"Monsters, monsters, big and small, they're gonna come and eat you all. Corsai, Corsai, tooth and claw, shadow and bone will eat you raw. Malchai, Malchai, sharp and sly, smile and bite and drink you dry. Sunai, Sunai, eyes like coal, sing you a song and steal your soul." (V.E. Schwab- This Savage Song)
"Believe me, my young friend, there is nothing - absolutely nothing - half so much worth doing as simply messing about in boats." (Ratty; Kenneth Grahame- The Wind in the Willows)
Secrets had an immense attraction to him, because he never could keep one, and he enjoyed the sort of unhallowed thrill he experienced when he went and told another animal, after having faithfully promised not to. (Toad; Kenneth Grahame- The Wind in the Willows)
I watch the tip of my tie sway to and fro and wonder how humans got to a place where we said, 'Whoa. Hold on. Before I can take you seriously, you need to hang a brightly colored strip of narrow pointy cloth around your neck.' (Carver; Jeff Zentner- Goodbye Days)
Sometimes, though, you want to remember every minute you spent with someone. You want to remember even the most mundane moments. You wish you had inhabited them more completely, and marked them with yourself more indelibly - not in spite of their ordinariness, but because of it. But you only discover this when it's too late. (Carver; Jeff Zentner- Goodbye Days)
I want to say yes, but I don't want to be with a boy whose heart belongs to somebody else. Just once, I want to be somebody else's first choice. (Lara Jean; Jenny Han- To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before)
When someone's been gone a long time, at first you save up all the things you want to tell them. You try to keep track of everything in your head. But it's like trying to hold on to a fistful of sand: all the little bits slip out of your hands, and then you're just clutching air and grit. Because by the time you finally see each other, you're catching up only on the big things, because it's too much bother to tell about the little things. But the little things are what make up life. (Jenny Han- To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before)
It's a lot of responsibility to hold a person's heart in your hands. (Jenny Han- To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before)
I hope you find someone you can't live without. I really do. And I hope you never have to know what it's like to have to try and live without them. (America; Kiera Cass- The Selection)
Sometimes I feel like we're a knot, too tangled to be taken apart. (Aspen; Kiera Cass- The Elite)
Oh, there are so many lives. How we wish we could live them concurrently instead of one by one by one. We could select the best pieces of each, stringing them together like a strand of pearls. But that's not how it works. A human's life is a beautiful mess. (Gabrielle Zevin- Elsewhere)
It’s difficult to ever go back to the same places or people. You turn away, even for a moment, and when you turn back around, everything’s changed. (Gabrielle Zevin- Elsewhere)
I can tell you that you will awake someday to find that your life has rushed by at a speed at once impossible and cruel. The most intense moments will seem to have occurred only yesterday and nothing will have erased the pain and pleasure, the impossible intensity of love and its dog-leaping happiness, the bleak blackness of passions unrequited, or unexpressed, or unresolved. (Meg Rosoff- What I Was)
I'm a century old, an impossible age, and my brain has no anchor in the present. Instead it drifts, nearly always to the same shore. Today, as most days, it is 1962. The year I discovered love. (Meg Rosoff- What I Was)
In the land of Ingary, where such things as seven-league boots and cloaks of invisibility really exist, it is quite a misfortune to be born the eldest of three. Everyone knows you are the one who will fail first, and worst, if the three of you set out to seek your fortunes. Sophie Hatter was the eldest of three sisters. She was not even the child of a poor woodcutter, which might have given her some chance of success. (Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
"You must admit I have a right to live in a pigsty if I want." (Howl; Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
"Tidying up is what I’m here for!" she shouted at Howl. "Then you must think of a new meaning for your life," Howl said. (Sophie & Howl; Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
Michael and Sophie bent nervously over Howl's head. It seemed the usual flaxen colour right down to the roots. The only difference might have been a slight, very slight, trace of red. Sophie found that agreeable. It reminded her a little of the colour her own hair should have been. "I think it's nice", she said. "Nice!" screamed Howl. "You would! You did it on purpose. You couldn't rest until you made me miserable too. Look at it! It's ginger! I shall have to hide until it's grown out!" He spread his arms out passionately. "Dispair!" he yelled. "Anguish! Horror!" (Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
It is quite a risk to spank a wizard for getting hysterical about his hair. (Sophie; Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
"I hope your bacon burns." (Calcifer; Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
"I feel ill," Howl announced. "I'm going to bed, where I may die." (Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
A loud, hollow coughing followed, dying away into more moaning. Crashing sneezes followed the coughing, each one rattling the window and all the doors. Sophie found those harder to ignore, but she managed. Poot-pooooot! went a blown nose, like a bassoon in a tunnel. The coughing started again, mingled with moans. Sneezes mixed with the moans and the coughs, and the sounds rose to a crescendo in which Howl seemed to be managing to cough, groan, blow his nose, sneeze, and wail gently all at the same time. (Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
"Is that all you can do in the face of a tragedy?" Howl asked. "Make toast!" (Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
"Go to bed, you fool," Calcifer said sleepily. "You’re drunk." "Who, me?" said Howl. "I assure you, my friends, I am cone sold stober." He got up and stalked upstairs, feeling for the wall as if he thought it might escape him unless he kept in touch with it. His bedroom door did escape him. "What a lie that was!" Howl remarked as he walked into the wall. (Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle) 
More about Howl? Sophie thought desperately. I have to blacken his name! Her mind was such a blank that for a second it actually seemed to her that Howl had no faults at all. How stupid! "Well, he's fickle, careless, selfish, and hysterical," she said. "Half the time I think he doesn't care what happens to anyone as long as he's alright - but then I find out how awfully kind he's been to someone. Then I think he's kind just when it suits him - only then I find out he undercharges poor people. I don't know, Your Majesty. He's a mess.” (Sophie; Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
"Typical!" He said to Sophie. "I break my neck to get here, and I find you peacefully tidying up!" (Howl; Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
Sophie knew that living happily ever after with Howl would be a good deal more eventful than any story made it sound, though she was determined to try. "It should be hair-raising," added Howl. "And you'll exploit me," Sophie said. "And then you'll cut up all my suits to teach me," added Howl. (Diana Wynne Jones- Howl's Moving Castle)
He had noticed that events were cowards: they didn't occur singly, but instead they would run in packs and leap out at him all at once. (Richard; Neil Gaiman- Neverwhere)
"Can I help you?" said the footman. Richard had been told to fuck off and die with more warmth and good humour. (Neil Gaiman- Neverwhere)
"What a refreshing mind you have, young man. There really is nothing quite like total ignorance, is there?" (Neil Gaiman- Neverwhere)
“A philosopher once asked, "Are we human because we gaze at the stars, or do we gaze at them because we are human?" Pointless, really..."Do the stars gaze back?" Now, that's a question.” (Neil Gaiman- Stardust)
He was painfully shy, which, as is often the manner of the painfully shy, he overcompensated for by being too loud at the wrong times. (Neil Gaiman- Stardust)
Every lover is, in his heart, a madman, and, in his head, a minstrel. (Neil Gaiman- Stardust)
He imagined he could see the very faces of the stars; pale, they were, and smiling gently, as if they had spent so much time above the world, watching the scrambling and the joy and the pain of the people below them, that they could not help being amused every time another little human believed itself the centre of its world, as each of us does. (Neil Gaiman- Stardust)
'Adventures are all very well in their place, but there's a lot to be said for regular meals and freedom from pain.' (Neil Gaiman- Stardust)
'While clothes do not, as the saying would sometimes have it, make the man, and fine feathers do not make fine birds, sometimes they can add a certain spice to a recipe.' (Neil Gaiman- Stardust)
She says nothing at all, but simply stares upward into the dark sky and watches, with sad eyes, the slow dance of the infinite stars. (Neil Gaiman- Stardust)
"Normal is a word invented by boring people to make them feel better about being boring." (Lauren Oliver- Replica)
She held herself very straight, like Audrey Hepburn, whom all women idolise and men never think about. (Jeffrey Eugenides- The Virgin Suicides)
I used to comfort myself with the belief that it was only certain individuals and their peculiar notions that spoilt things for the rest of us. But how many individuals does it take before it's not the individuals who are prejudiced but society itself? (Malorie Blackman- Noughts & Crosses)
"When I was your age, television was called books." (Granddad; William Goldman- The Princess Bride)
"Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die." (Inigo Montoya; William Goldman- The Princess Bride)
"Why do you wear a mask and hood?" "I think everybody will in the near future," was the man in black's reply. "They're terribly comfortable." (Inigo Montoya & The Man In Black/Westley; William Goldman- The Princess Bride)
"You seem a decent fellow. I hate to kill you." "You seem a decent fellow. I hate to die." (Inigo Montoya & The Man In Black/Westley; William Goldman- The Princess Bride)
"I do not envy you the headache you will have when you awake. But for now, rest well, and dream of large women." (The Man In Black/Westley to Fezzik; William Goldman- The Princess Bride)
Inigo Montoya: "Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. Now, offer me money." Count Rugen: "Yes." Inigo Montoya: "Power too. Promise me that." Count Rugen: "All that I have and more. Please..." Inigo Montoya: "Offer me everything I ask for." Count Rugen: "Any thing you want." Inigo Montoya: "I want my father back, you son of bitch." (William Goldman- The Princess Bride)
"I am looking for someone to share in an adventure that I am arranging, and it's very difficult to find anyone." "I should think so — in these parts! We are plain quiet folk and have no use for adventures. Nasty disturbing uncomfortable things! Make you late for dinner!" (J.R.R. Tolkien- The Hobbit)
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." (Bilbo; J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
“I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo. "So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.” (J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
“Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” (J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
“But it does not seem that I can trust anyone,' said Frodo. Sam looked at him unhappily. 'It all depends on what you want,' put in Merry. 'You can trust us to stick with you through thick and thin--to the bitter end. And you can trust us to keep any secret of yours--closer than you keep it yourself. But you cannot trust us to let you face trouble alone, and go off without a word. We are your friends, Frodo.” (J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
"How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it’s only a passing thing… this shadow. Even darkness must pass.” (Samwise; J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
“I was talking aloud to myself. A habit of the old: they choose the wisest person present to speak to.” (Gandalf; J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
“The whole thing is quite hopeless, so it's no good worrying about tomorrow. It probably won't come.” (Frodo; J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
“I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.” (Frodo; J.R.R Tolkien- The Lord of the Rings)
There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons. (Stephen Chbosky- The Perks of Being a Wallflower)
I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have. (Stephen Chbosky- The Perks of Being a Wallflower)
Standing on the fringes of life... offers a unique perspective. But there comes a time to see what it looks like from the dance floor. (Stephen Chbosky- The Perks of Being a Wallflower)
"I hope you're ready, because I'm about to tell you the story of my life. More specifically, why my life ended. And if you're listening to these tapes, you're one of the reasons why." (Hannah; Jay Asher- Thirteen Reasons Why)
"If you hear a song that makes you cry and you don't want to cry anymore, you don't listen to that song anymore. But you can't get away from yourself. You can't decide not to see yourself anymore. You can't decide to turn off the noise in your head." (Hannah; Jay Asher- Thirteen Reasons Why)
"It must be possible to swim in the ocean of the one you love without drowning." (Hannah; Jay Asher- Thirteen Reasons Why)
"If I am the phantom, it is because man's hatred has made me so. If I am to be saved it is because your love redeems me." (Gaston Leroux- The Phantom of the Opera)
'Poor, unhappy Erik! Shall we pity him? Shall we curse him? He asked only to be 'some one,' like everybody else. But he was too ugly! And he had to hide his genius or use it to play tricks with, when, with an ordinary face, he would have been one of the most distinguished of mankind! He had a heart that could have held the entire empire of the world; and, in the end, he had to content himself with a cellar.' (Gaston Leroux- The Phantom of the Opera)
'None will ever be a true Parisian who has not learned to wear a mask of gaiety over his sorrows and one of sadness, boredom, or indifference over his inward joy.' (Gaston Leroux- The Phantom of the Opera)
He had always found hope harder to deal with than despair. Despair didn't get disappointed. (Lucien Vaudrey; KJ Charles- The Magpie Lord)
"What the fuck, what the fucking, bloody devil-shit, what in the name of Satan's swollen cock was that?" (Lucien Vaudrey; KJ Charles- The Magpie Lord)
Hope was a dangerous, disquieting thing, but he thought perhaps he liked it. (Neil; Nora Sakavic- The Foxhole Court)
“It's not the world that's cruel," Neil said. "It's the people in it.” (Nora Sakavic- The Foxhole Court)
“I am a bad person trying very hard to be a good person.” (Renee; Nora Sakavic- The Raven King)
Neil thought about Renee's bruised knuckles, Dan's fierce spirit, and Allison holding her ground on the court a week after Seth's death. He thought about his mother standing unflinching in the face of his father's violent anger and her ruthlessly leaving bodies in their wake. He felt compelled to say, "Some of the strongest people I've known are women.” (Nora Sakavic- The Raven King)
I know what it's like to tell yourself a lie so often that it becomes the truth. (Bronwyn; Karen M. McManus- One Of Us Is Lying)
"The things I do for love." (Jaime Lannister; George R. R. Martin- A Game of Thrones)
"When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground." (Cersei Lannister; George R. R. Martin- A Game of Thrones)
"There is only one god, and His name is Death. And there is only one thing we say to Death: 'Not today'." (Syrio Forel; George R. R. Martin- A Game of Thrones)
Jacob Kowalski: [talking to himself] "What did you do today, Jacob?" [laughs] "I was inside a suitcase." (Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them)
Newt Scamander: "My philosophy is that worrying means you suffer twice." (Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them)
"You never met a monster you couldn't love." (Leta Lestrange to Newt Scamander; Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald)
Dumbledore: "What Mr. Scamander fears above everything else is...?" Newt Scamander: "Having to work in an office, sir." (Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald)
Don't take criticism from someone you would never go to for advice.
"There's no geographical solution to a spiritual problem." (Tony Soprano, replying to someone who wanted to get away from it all)
"Taking your own life. Interesting expression, taking it from who? Once it's over, it's not you who'll miss it. Your own death is something that happens to everyone else." (Sherlock, BBC show)
"Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like, it was only ever yours to break anyway." (Maxon; Kiera Cass- The One)
'I'm sure wherever my dad is; he's looking down on us. He's not dead, just very condescending.' (Jack Whitehall)
'Working at the Jobcentre has to be a tense job - knowing that if you get fired, you still have to come in the next day.' (Adam Rowe)
'A spa hotel? It's like a normal hotel, only in reception there's a picture of a pebble.' (Rhod Gilbert)
'Someone stole my antidepressants. Whoever they are, I hope they're happy.' (Richard Stott)
'I wasn't particularly close to my dad before he died... which was lucky, because he trod on a land mine.' (Olaf Falafel)
'Jesus fed 5,000 people with two fishes and a loaf of bread. That's not a miracle. That's tapas.' (Mark Nelson)
'Earlier this year I saw 'The Theory of Everything' - loved it. Should've been called 'Look Who's Hawking', that's my only criticism.' (James Acaster)
'Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the telly.' (Tim Vine)
'Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it.' (Jeanette Winterson)
'My life amounts to no more than one drop in a limitless ocean. Yet what is any ocean, but a multitude of drops?' (David Mitchell- Cloud Atlas)
'If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.' (C. Joybell. C)
“Does Agatha know we're coming?"   "It'll be a surprise!" Penny says.  "Surprise!" Baz singsongs. "It's your ex-boyfriend and his boyfriend and that girl you never liked very much!” (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Wayward Son)
Simon Snow, it hurts to look at you when you’re this happy. And it hurts to look at you when you’re depressed. There’s no safe time for me to see you, nothing about you that doesn’t tear my heart from my chest and leave it breakable outside my body. (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Wayward Son)
I'd give him all that I am. I'd give him all that I was. I'd open up a vein. I'd tie our hearts together, chamber by chamber. (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Wayward Son)
I didn't tell him, I never told him. Not in a way that he believed. Not in a way that he could let in and hold on to. Everything he was to me. That he was everything. (Baz; Rainbow Rowell- Wayward Son)
It made her think that it was curious how much nicer a person looked when he smiled. She had not thought of it before. (Mary; Frances Hodgson Burnett- The Secret Garden)
Two worst things as can happen to a child is never to have his own way - or always to have it. (Frances Hodgson Burnett- The Secret Garden)
One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts—just mere thoughts—are as powerful as electric batteries—as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got in you may never get over it as long as you live... surprising things can happen to any one who, when a disagreeable or discouraged thought comes into his mind, just has the sense to remember in time and push it out by putting in an agreeable determinedly courageous one. Two things cannot be in one place. (Frances Hodgson Burnett- The Secret Garden)
The robin flew from his swinging spray of ivy on to the top of the wall and he opened his beak and sang a loud, lovely trill, merely to show off. Nothing in the world is quite as adorably lovely as a robin when he shows off - and they are nearly always doing it. (Frances Hodgson Burnett- The Secret Garden)
“If it could only be like this always – always summer, always alone, the fruit always ripe and Aloysius in a good temper...” (Sebastian; Evelyn Waugh- Brideshead Revisited)
The languor of Youth - how unique and quintessential it is! How quickly, how irrecoverably, lost! (Evelyn Waugh- Brideshead Revisited)
"Sebastian is in love with his own childhood." (Cara; Evelyn Waugh- Brideshead Revisited)
My father greeted me with his usual air of mild regret. (Charles; Evelyn Waugh- Brideshead Revisited)
He did not fail in love, but he lost the joy of it. (Charles about Sebastian; Evelyn Waugh- Brideshead Revisited)
If you asked me now who I am, the only answer I could give with any certainty would be my name. For the rest: my loves, my hates, down even to my deepest desires, I can no longer say whether these emotions are my own, or stolen from those I once so desperately wished to be. (Charles; Evelyn Waugh- Brideshead Revisited)
These memories, which are my life--for we possess nothing certainly except the past--were always with me. (Charles; Evelyn Waugh- Brideshead Revisited)
'When you assume, you make an ass out of you and me.' (David Brent; The Office)
"The people you work with are people you were just thrown together with. I mean, you don't know them, it wasn't your choice. And yet you spend more time with them than you do your friends or your family. But probably all you have in common is the fact that you walk around on the same bit of carpet for eight hours a day." (Tim; The Office)
"It's like an alarm clock's gone off, and I've just got to get away. I think it was John Lennon who said: 'Life is what happens when you're making other plans.', and that's how I feel. Although he also said: 'I am the Walrus, I am the Eggman', so I don't know what to believe." (Tim; The Office)
"I'm a heck of a catch, 'cos, er well look at it. I live in Slough, in a lovely house, with my parents. I have my own room, which I've had since, yep, since I was born. That's seen a lot of action I tell you. Mainly dusting. I went to university for a year as well, before I dropped out, so I'm a quitter. So, er, form an orderly queue ladies." (Tim; The Office)
Tim: "Team Leader don't mean anything mate."   Gareth: "Excuse me, it means I'm leader of a team."   Tim: "No it doesn't. It's a title someone's given you to get you to do something they don't want to do for free - it's like making the div kid at school milk monitor. No one respects it." (The Office)
"Ok now guys, we're about to enter a warehouse environment now. I'll just warn you that some of the people in here will be working class. So there may be some arse cleavage. Just find a partner, hold hands and don't talk to anyone." (Tim; The Office)
"He proposed on a Valentine's day, although he didn't do it face to face, he did it in one of the little Valentine bits in the paper. I think he had to pay for it by the word, because it just said 'Lee love Dawn, marriage?' which you know, I like, because it's not often you get to something that's both romantic and thrifty." (Dawn; The Office)
"Right now, this is just a job. If I advance any higher in this company, this would be my career. And, uh, if this were my career, I’d have to throw myself in front of a train." (Jim; The Office US)
"From time to time I send Dwight faxes. From himself. From the future." (Jim; The Office US)
“I’ll be the number two guy here in scranton in six weeks. How? Name repetition, personality mirroring, and never breaking off a handshake.” (Andy; The Office US)
"I don’t want somebody sucking up to me because they think I’m going to help their career. I want them sucking up to me because they genuinely love me." (Michael; The Office US)
"Four years ago, I was just a guy who had a crush on a girl who had a boyfriend. And I had to do the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do, which was just to wait. For a really long time, that’s all I had. I just had little moments with a girl who saw me as a friend. And a lot of people told me I was crazy to wait this long for a date with a girl who I worked with, but I think even then I knew that I was waiting for my wife." (Jim; The Office US)
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious." (Michael; The Office US)
‘And nothing will matter but just we two, we two longing loves at last come together.’ (Radclyffe Hall to Evgenia Souline)
‘With me it is quite stark: I miss you even more than I could have believed; and I was prepared to miss you a good deal.’ (Vita Sackville-West to Virginia Woolf)
The great tragic love story of Percy and me is neither great nor truly a love story, and is tragic only for its single-sidedness. It is also not an epic monolith that has plagued me since boyhood, as might be expected. Rather, it is simply the tale of how two people can be important to each other their whole lives, and then, one morning, quite without meaning to, one of them wakes to find that importance has been magnified into a sudden and intense desire to put his tongue in the other's mouth. A long, slow slide, then a sudden impact. (Monty about Percy; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
“What’s the use of temptations if we don’t yield to them?” (Monty; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
Can’t seal up a conversation with a casual 'Oh, by the way, could you perhaps not touch me the way you always have because each time it puts fresh splinters in my heart?' Particularly when what I’d really like to say is 'Oh, by the way, could you please keep touching me, and perhaps do it all the time, and while we’re at it, would you like to take off all your clothes and climb in bed?' (Monty about Percy; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
“If the Good Lord didn't want men to play with themselves, we'd have hooks for hands.” (Monty; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
But I am nothing if not a gentleman, and a gentleman does not take his trousers off in a public place, particularly if the great love of his life is asking him to refrain. (Monty; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
A small shift in the gravity between us and suddenly all my stars are out of alignment, planets knocked from their orbits, and I'm left stumbling, without map or heading, through the bewildering territory of being in love with your best friend. (Monty; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
There’s really nothing to do but pretend I’m fully clothed and in control of the situation. (Monty; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
“Do you know how horrid it feels to watch my brother get tossed out of the best boarding school of England, then get to travel the Continent as a reward, while I’m stuck behind, not permitted to study the same things or read the same books or even visit the same places while we’re abroad, just because I had the bad luck to be born a girl?” (Felicity; Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
God bless the book people for their boundless knowledge absorbed from having words instead of friends. (Mackenzi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Vice and Virtue)
"And it's going to be a disaster. But that's all right, because we'll have each other, and there's no one on this goddamn planet I'd rather be a disaster with than you." (Percy; Mackensi Lee- The Gentleman's Guide to Getting Lucky)
“Love has made you terribly soft, you know,” I say to him without looking. “I do,” he replies. “Isn’t it grand?” (Felicity & Monty; Mackenzi Lee- The Lady's Guide to Petticoats and Piracy)
Is falling in love with someone's story the same thing as falling in love with the person himself? (Ally Condie- Matched)
Maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through you fingers. So much time you can waste it.
But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know. (Lauren Oliver- Before I Fall)
There are many Beths in the world, shy and quiet, sitting in corners till needed, and living for others so cheerfully that no one sees the sacrifices till the little cricket on the hearth stops chirping, and the sweet, sunshiny presence vanishes, leaving silence and shadow behind. (Louisa May Alcott- Little Women)
“Don't laugh at the spinsters, dear girls, for often very tender, tragic romances are hidden away in the hearts that beat so quietly under the sober gowns, and many silent sacrifices of youth, health, ambition, love itself, make the faded faces beautiful in God's sight. Even the sad, sour sisters should be kindly dealt with, because they have missed the sweetest part of life, if for no other reason.” (Louisa May Alcott- Little Women)
Some people seemed to get all sunshine, and some all shadow. (Louisa May Alcott- Little Women)
Is it better for a man to have chosen evil than to have good imposed upon him? (Anthony Burgess- A Clockwork Orange)
“I see what is right and approve, but I do what is wrong.” (Anthony Burgess- A Clockwork Orange)
Every hour wounds. The last one kills. (Neil Gaiman- American Gods)
"I miss you", he admitted. "I'm here", she said. "That's when I miss you most. When you're here. When you aren't here, when you're just a ghost of the past or a dream from another life, it's easier then." (Neil Gaiman- American Gods)
It was so good to be held. If only their relationship could be distilled into simple, wordless gestures of comfort. Why had humans ever learned to talk? (J.K. Rowling- The Casual Vacancy)
Love is a possible strength in an actual weakness. (Thomas Hardy- Far from the madding crowd)
Was I ever crazy? Maybe. Or maybe life is… Crazy isn't being broken or swallowing a dark secret. It's you or me amplified. If you ever told a lie and enjoyed it. If you ever wished you could be a child forever. (Susanna Kaysen- Girl, Interrupted)
Was insanity just a matter of dropping the act? (Susanna Kaysen- Girl, Interrupted)
My family had a lot of characteristics - achievements, ambitions, talents, expectations - that all seemed to be recessive in me. (Susanna Kaysen- Girl, Interrupted)
He was a person who couldn't fake a smile but smiled often. (E. Lockhart- We were liars)
"He looked at you like you were the brightest planet in the galaxy." (E. Lockhart- We were liars)
People are shitty for a lot of reasons. Sometimes they're just shitty people. Sometimes people have been shitty to them and, even though they don't realize it, they take that shitty upbringing and go out into the world and treat others the same way. Sometimes they're shitty because they're afraid. Sometimes they choose to be shitty to others before others can be shitty to them. So it's like self-defensive shittiness. (Jennifer Niven- Holding up the universe)
...so one day my mother sat me down and explained that I couldn't become an explorer because everything in the world had already been discovered. I'd been born in the wrong century, and I felt cheated. (Ransom Riggs- Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children)
Roland glares at Connor and Connor glares back. Then he says what he always says at moments like in this. "Nice socks." Although Roland doesn't look down right away, it derails him just enough for him to back off. He doesn't check to see if his socks match until he thinks Connor isn't looking. And the moment he does, Connor snickers. Small victories are better than none. (Neal Shusterman- Unwind)
Through my curtains I can see a big yellow moon. I’m thinking of all the people in the world who will be looking at that same moon. I wonder how many of them haven’t got any eyebrows? (Louise Rennison- Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging)
So Matilda’s strong young mind continued to grow, nurtured by the voices of all those authors who had sent their books out into the world like ships on the sea. These books gave Matilda a hopeful and comforting message: You are not alone. (Roald Dahl- Matilda)
I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice. (J. D. Salinger- The Catcher in the Rye)
"We are all subject to the fates. But we must act as if we are not, or die of despair." (Serafina; Philip Pullman- Northern Lights)
So Lyra and her daemon turned away from the world they were born in, and looked toward the sun, and walked into the sky. (Philip Pullman- Northern Lights)
“I might be in love with you." He smiles a little. "I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.” (Four; Veronica Roth- Divergent)
“My eyes were dazed by you for a little, and that was all.” (Tess; Thomas Hardy- Tess of the D'Urbervilles)
That’s the scary thing about unrequited relationships – there’s no line you can draw underneath them. The love just keeps on living, bubbling away below the surface. (Paige Toon- Pictures of Lily)
'I do exist, don’t I? It often feels as if I’m not here, that I’m a figment of my own imagination. There are days when I feel so lightly connected to the earth that the threads that tether me to the planet are gossamer thin, spun sugar. A strong gust of wind could dislodge me completely, and I’d lift off and blow away, like one of those seeds in a dandelion clock.' (Eleanor; Gail Honeyman- Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine)
'I find lateness exceptionally rude; it’s so disrespectful, implying unambiguously that you consider yourself and your own time to be so much more valuable than the other person’s.' (Eleanor; Gail Honeyman- Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine)
'I’m not sure I’d like to be burned. I think I might like to be fed to zoo animals. It would be both environmentally friendly and a lovely treat for the larger carnivores. Could you request that?' (Eleanor; Gail Honeyman- Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine)
“No thank you,” I said. “I don’t want to accept a drink from you, because then I would be obliged to purchase one for you in return, and I’m afraid I’m simply not interested in spending two drinks’ worth of time with you.” (Eleanor; Gail Honeyman- Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine)
'You can't have too much dog in a book.' (Eleanor; Gail Honeyman- Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine)
'I romanticise my past and I romanticise my future; right now is always the bleakest moment of my life.' (Noah; David Arnold- The Strange Fascinations of Noah Hypnotik)
'Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.' (George Orwell- 1984)
'My life is a perfect graveyard of buried hopes.' (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Green Gables)
“Why must people kneel down to pray? If I really wanted to pray I’ll tell you what I'd do. I'd go out into a great big field all alone or in the deep, deep woods and I'd look up into the sky—up—up—up—into that lovely blue sky that looks as if there was no end to its blueness. And then I'd just feel a prayer.” (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Green Gables)
"Isn't it splendid to think of all the things there are to find out about? It just makes me feel glad to be alive--it's such an interesting world. It wouldn't be half so interesting if we know all about everything, would it?" (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Green Gables)
“It's all very well to read about sorrows and imagine yourself living through them heroically, but it's not so nice when you really come to have them, is it?” (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Green Gables)
'Matthew, much to his own surprise, was enjoying himself. Like most quiet folks he liked talkative people when they were willing to do the talking themselves and did not expect him to keep up his end of it.' (L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Green Gables)
“Red hair is my life long sorrow.” (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Green Gables)
“Oh, but there's such a difference between saying a thing yourself and hearing other people say it,' wailed Anne. 'You may know a thing is so, but you can't help hoping other people don't quite think it is.” (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Green Gables)
'Perhaps, after all, romance did not come into one's life with pomp and blare, like a gay knight riding down; perhaps it crept to one's side like an old friend through quiet ways; perhaps it revealed itself in seeming prose, until some sudden shaft of illumination flung athwart its pages betrayed the rhythm and the music, perhaps. . . perhaps. . .love unfolded naturally out of a beautiful friendship, as a golden-hearted rose slipping from its green sheath.' (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Avonlea)
“She looks just as music sounds, I think,"  (Anne; L.M. Montgomery- Anne of Avonlea)
'Humans, as a rule, don't like mad people unless they are good at painting, and only then once they are dead. But the definition of mad, on Earth, seems to be very unclear and inconsistent. What is perfectly sane in one era turns out to be insane in another. The earliest humans walked around naked with no problem. Certain humans, in humid rainforests mainly, still do so. So, we must conclude that madness is sometimes a question of time, and sometimes of postcode. Basically, the key rule is, if you want to appear sane on Earth you have to be in the right place, wearing the right clothes, saying the right things, and only stepping on the right kind of grass.' (Matt Haig- The Humans)
'It was, of course, another test. Everything in human life was a test. That was why they all looked so stressed out.' (Matt Haig- The Humans)
Give your friendships the magic you would give a romance. Because they're just as important. Actually, for us, they're way more important. (Alice Oseman- Loveless)
"People are really out there just… thinking about having sex all the time and they can’t even help it?" I spluttered. "People have dreams about it because they want it that much? How the – I’m losing it. I thought all the movies were exaggerating, but you’re all really out there just craving genitals and embarrassment. This has to be some kind of huge joke.” (Georgia; Alice Oseman- Loveless)
Sunil said he felt indifferent about sex. I’d never heard anyone talk about sex like that before. Like it was a takeaway cuisine you thought was OK, but you wouldn’t personally choose it. (Georgia; Alice Oseman- Loveless)
Picturing fanfic characters having sex? Great. Fine. Sexy. But picturing myself having sex with anyone, guy, girl, whoever, didn’t interest me. No – it was more than that. It was an immediate fucking turn-off. (Georgia; Alice Oseman- Loveless)
I just. Loved. Love. (Georgia; Alice Oseman- Loveless)
He shook hands with Margaret. He knew it was the first time their hands had met, though she was perfectly unconscious of the fact. (John Thornton; Elizabeth Gaskell- North and South)
He never looked at her; and yet, the careful avoidance of his eyes betokened that in some way he knew exactly where, if they fell by chance, they would rest on her. If she spoke, he gave no sign of attention, and yet his next speech to any one else was modified by what she had said; sometimes there was an express answer to what she had remarked, but given to another person as though unsuggested by her. (Margaret Hale about John Thornton; Elizabeth Gaskell- North and South)
'Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.' (David Copperfield; Charles Dickens- David Copperfield)
“I don't care if you danced naked on the roof of the Little Palace with him. I love you, Alina, even the part of you that loved him.” (Mal; Leigh Bardugo- Shadow and Bone)
“I missed you every hour. And you know what the worst part was? It caught me completely by surprise. I'd catch myself just walking around to find you, not for any reason, just out of habit, because I'd seen something that I wanted to tell you about or because I wanted to hear your voice. And then I'd realize that you weren't there anymore, and every time, every single time, it was like having the wind knocked out of me." (Mal; Leigh Bardugo- Shadow and Bone)
"It is nothing to die; it is dreadful not to live." (Jean Valjean; Victor Hugo- Les Miserables)
A smile is the same as sunshine; it banishes winter from the human countenance. (Victor Hugo- Les Miserables)
To love or have loved, that is enough. Ask nothing further. There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life. (Victor Hugo- Les Miserables)
They told each other, with a candid faith in their illusions, all that love, youth and the remnant of childhood that was theirs, brought to mind. These two hearts poured themselves out to each other, so that at the end of an hour, it was the young man who had the young girl’s soul and the young girl who had the soul of the young man. They interpenetrated, they enchanted, they dazzled each other. And when they had finished, when they had told each other everything, she laid her head on his shoulder, and asked him: "What is your name?" (Marius and Cosette; Victor Hugo- Les Miserables)
'I'm just Ken, anywhere else I'd be a ten.' (Ken; Barbie movie)
'I'm just Ken and I'm enough. And I'm great at doing stuff' (Ken; Barbie movie)
